There was no doubt whatsoever about the fact.  There was the lost box, and there it had been during all those tedious hours of unavailing search.  While I was suffering all that fatigue in Milan, spending my precious zwanzigers in driving about from one hotel to another, the box had been safe, standing in my own room at Bellaggio, hidden by my own rug.  And now that it was found everybody looked at me as though it were all my fault.
 
Mrs. Greene¡¯s eyes, when she had done being hysterical, were terrible, and Sophonisba looked at me as though I were a convicted thief.
 
¡°Who put the box here?¡± I said, turning fiercely upon the Boots.
 
¡°I did,¡± said the Boots, ¡°by Monsieur¡¯s express order.¡±
 
¡°By my order?¡± I exclaimed.
 
¡°Certainly,¡± said the Boots.
 
¡°Corpo di Baccho!¡± said the landlord, and he also looked at me as though I were a thief.  In the mean time the landlady and the three daughters had clustered round Mrs. Greene, administering to her all manner of Italian consolation.  The box, and the money, and the jewels were after all a reality; and much incivility can be forgiven to a lady who has really lost her jewels, and has really found them again.
 
There and then there arose a hurly-burly among us as to the manner in which the odious trunk found its way into my room.  Had anybody been just enough to consider the matter coolly, it must have been quite clear that I could not have ordered it there.  When I entered the hotel, the boxes were already being lugged about, and I had spoken a word to no one concerning them.  That traitorous Boots had done it,¡ªno doubt without malice prepense; but he had done it; and now that the Greenes were once more known as moneyed people, he turned upon me, and told me to my face, that I had desired that box to be taken to my own room as part of my own luggage!
 
¡°My dear,¡± said Mr. Greene, turning to his wife, ¡°you should never mention the contents of your luggage to any one.¡±
 
¡°I never will again,¡± said Mrs. Greene, with a mock repentant air, ¡°but I really thought¡ª¡±
 
¡°One never can be sure of sharpers,¡± said Mr. Greene.
 
¡°That¡¯s true,¡± said Mrs. Greene.
 
¡°After all, it may have been accidental,¡± said Sophonisba, on hearing which good-natured surmise both papa and mamma Greene shook their suspicious heads.
 
I was resolved to say nothing then.  It was all but impossible that they should really think that I had intended to steal their box; nor, if they did think so, would it have become me to vindicate myself before the landlord and all his servants.  I stood by therefore in silence, while two of the men raised the trunk, and joined the procession which followed it as it was carried out of my room into that of the legitimate owner.  Everybody in the house was there by that time, and Mrs. Greene, enjoying the triumph, by no means grudged them the entrance into her sitting-room.  She had felt that she was suspected, and now she was determined that the world of Bellaggio should know how much she was above suspicion.  The box was put down upon two chairs, the supporters who had borne it retiring a pace each.  Mrs. Greene then advanced proudly with the selected key, and Mr. Greene stood by at her right shoulder, ready to receive his portion of the hidden treasure.  Sophonisba was now indifferent, and threw herself on the sofa, while I walked up and down the room thoughtfully,¡ªmeditating what words I should say when I took my last farewell of the Greenes.  But as I walked I could see what occurred.  Mrs. Greene opened the box, and displayed to view the ample folds of a huge yellow woollen dressing-down.  I could fancy that she would not willingly have exhibited this article of her toilet, had she not felt that its existence would speedily be merged in the presence of the glories which were to follow.  This had merely been the padding at the top of the box.  Under that lay a long papier-mach¨¦ case, and in that were all her treasures.  ¡°Ah, they are safe,¡± she said, opening the lid and looking upon her tawdry pearls and carbuncles.
 
Mr. Greene, in the mean time, well knowing the passage for his hand, had dived down to the very bottom of the box, and seized hold of a small canvas bag.  ¡°It is here,¡± said he, dragging it up, ¡°and as far as I can tell, as yet, the knot has not been untied.¡±  Whereupon he sat himself down by Sophonisba, and employing her to assist him in holding them, began to count his rolls.  ¡°They are all right,¡± said he; and he wiped the perspiration from his brow.
 
I had not yet made up my mind in what manner I might best utter my last words among them so as to maintain the dignity of my character, and now I was standing over against Mr. Greene with my arms folded on my breast.  I had on my face a frown of displeasure, which I am able to assume upon occasions, but I had not yet determined what words I would use.  After all, perhaps, it might be as well that I should leave them without any last words.
 
¡°Greene, my dear,¡± said the lady, ¡°pay the gentleman his ten napoleons.¡±
 
¡°Oh yes, certainly;¡± whereupon Mr. Greene undid one of the rolls and extracted eight sovereigns.  ¡°I believe that will make it right, sir,¡± said he, handing them to me.
 
I took the gold, slipped it with an indifferent air into my waistcoat pocket, and then refolded my arms across my breast.
 
¡°Papa,¡± said Sophonisba, in a very audible whisper, ¡°Mr. Robinson went for you to Como.  Indeed, I believe he says he went to Milan.¡±
 
¡°Do not let that be mentioned,¡± said I.
 
¡°By all means pay him his expenses,¡± said Mrs. Greene; ¡°I would not owe him anything for worlds.¡±
 
¡°He should be paid,¡± said Sophonisba.
 
¡°Oh, certainly,¡± said Mr. Greene.  And he at once extracted another sovereign, and tendered it to me in the face of the assembled multitude.
 
This was too much!  ¡°Mr. Greene,¡± said I, ¡°I intended to be of service to you when I went to Milan, and you are very welcome to the benefit of my intentions.  The expense of that journey, whatever may be its amount, is my own affair.¡±  And I remained standing with my closed arms.
 
¡°We will be under no obligation to him,¡± said Mrs. Greene; ¡°and I shall insist on his taking the money.¡±
 
¡°The servant will put it on his dressing-table,¡± said Sophonisba.  And she handed the sovereign to the Boots, giving him instructions.
 
¡°Keep it yourself, Antonio,¡± I said.  Whereupon the man chucked it to the ceiling with his thumb, caught it as it fell, and with a well-satisfied air, dropped it into the recesses of his pocket.  The air of the Greenes was also well satisfied, for they felt that they had paid me in full for all my services.
 
And now, with many obsequious bows and assurances of deep respect, the landlord and his family withdrew from the room.  ¡°Was there anything else they could do for Mrs. Greene?¡±  Mrs. Greene was all affability.  She had shown her jewels to the girls, and allowed them to express their admiration in pretty Italian superlatives.  There was nothing else she wanted to-night.  She was very happy and liked Bellaggio.  She would stay yet a week, and would make herself quite happy.  And, though none of them understood a word that the other said, each understood that things were now rose-coloured, and so with scrapings, bows, and grinning smiles, the landlord and all his myrmidons withdrew.  Mr. Greene was still counting his money, sovereign by sovereign, and I was still standing with my folded arms upon my bosom.
 
¡°I believe I may now go,¡± said I.
 
¡°Good night,¡± said Mrs. Greene.
 
¡°Adieu,¡± said Sophonisba.
 
¡°I have the pleasure of wishing you good-bye,¡± said Mr. Greene.
 
And then I walked out of the room.  After all, what was the use of saying anything?  And what could I say that would have done me any service?  If they were capable of thinking me a thief,¡ªwhich they certainly did,¡ªnothing that I could say would remove the impression.  Nor, as I thought, was it suitable that I should defend myself from such an imputation.  What were the Greenes to me?  So I walked slowly out of the room, and never again saw one of the family from that day to this.
 
As I stood upon the beach the next morning, while my portmanteau was being handed into the boat, I gave the Boots five zwanzigers.  I was determined to show him that I did not condescend to feel anger against him.
 
He took the money, looked into my face, and then whispered to me, ¡°Why did you not give me a word of notice beforehand?¡± he said, and winked his eye.  He was evidently a thief, and took me to be another;¡ªbut what did it matter?
 
I went thence to Milan, in which city I had no heart to look at anything; thence to Verona, and so over the pass of the Brenner to Innspruck.  When I once found myself near to my dear friends the Walkers I was again a happy man; and I may safely declare that, though a portion of my journey was so troublesome and unfortunate, I look back upon that tour as the happiest and the luckiest epoch of my life.

¡°Not go to the police?  And do you mean to say that I am to be robbed of my jewels and no efforts made for redress?  Is there no such thing as a constable in this wretched country?  Mr. Greene, I do insist upon it that you at once go to the nearest British consul.¡±
 
¡°I suppose I had better write home for money,¡± said he.
 
¡°And do you mean to say that you haven¡¯t written yet?¡± said I, probably with some acrimony in my voice.
 
¡°You needn¡¯t scold papa,¡± said Sophonisba.
 
¡°I don¡¯t know what I am to do,¡± said Mr. Greene, and he began walking up and down the room; but still he did not call for pen and ink, and I began again to feel that he was a swindler.  Was it possible that a man of business, who had made his fortune in London, should allow his wife to keep all her jewels in a box, and carry about his own money in the same?
 
¡°I don¡¯t see why you need be so very unhappy, papa,¡± said Sophonisba.  ¡°Mr. Robinson, I¡¯m sure, will let you have whatever money you may want at present.¡±  This was pleasant!
 
¡°And will Mr. Robinson return me my jewels which were lost, I must say, in a great measure, through his carelessness,¡± said Mrs. Greene.  This was pleasanter!
 
¡°Upon my word, Mrs. Greene, I must deny that,¡± said I, jumping up.  ¡°What on earth could I have done more than I did do?  I have been to Milan and nearly fagged myself to death.¡±
 
¡°Why didn¡¯t you bring a policeman back with you?¡±
 
¡°You would tell everybody on board the boat what there was in it,¡± said I.
 
¡°I told nobody but you,¡± she answered.
 
¡°I suppose you mean to imply that I¡¯ve taken the box,¡± I rejoined.  So that on this, the third or fourth day of our acquaintance, we did not go on together quite pleasantly.
 
But what annoyed me, perhaps, the most, was the confidence with which it seemed to be Mr. Greene¡¯s intention to lean upon my resources.  He certainly had not written home yet, and had taken my ten napoleons, as one friend may take a few shillings from another when he finds that he has left his own silver on his dressing-table.  What could he have wanted of ten napoleons?  He had alleged the necessity of paying the porters, but the few francs he had had in his pocket would have been enough for that.  And now Sophonisba was ever and again prompt in her assurances that he need not annoy himself about money, because I was at his right hand.  I went upstairs into my own room, and counting all my treasures, found that thirty-six pounds and some odd silver was the extent of my wealth.  With that I had to go, at any rate, as far as Innspruck, and from thence back to London.  It was quite impossible that I should make myself responsible for the Greenes¡¯ bill at Bellaggio.
 
We dined early, and after dinner, according to a promise made in the morning, Sophonisba ascended with me into the Serbelloni Gardens, and walked round the terraces on that beautiful hill which commands the view of the three lakes.  When we started I confess that I would sooner have gone alone, for I was sick of the Greenes in my very soul.  We had had a terrible day.  The landlord had been sent for so often, that he refused to show himself again.  The landlady¡ªthough Italians of that class are always courteous¡ªhad been so driven that she snapped her fingers in Mrs. Greene¡¯s face.  The three girls would not show themselves.  The waiters kept out of the way as much as possible; and the Boots, in confidence, abused them to me behind their back.  ¡°Monsieur,¡± said the Boots, ¡°do you think there ever was such a box?¡±
 
¡°Perhaps not,¡± said I; and yet I knew that I had seen it.
 
I would, therefore, have preferred to walk without Sophonisba; but that now was impossible.  So I determined that I would utilise the occasion by telling her of my present purpose.  I had resolved to start on the following day, and it was now necessary to make my friends understand that it was not in my power to extend to them any further pecuniary assistance.
 
Sophonisba, when we were on the hill, seemed to have forgotten the box, and to be willing that I should forget it also.  But this was impossible.  When, therefore, she told me how sweet it was to escape from that terrible woman, and leaned on my arm with all the freedom of old acquaintance, I was obliged to cut short the pleasure of the moment.
 
¡°I hope your father has written that letter,¡± said I.
 
¡°He means to write it from Milan.  We know you want to get on, so we purpose to leave here the day after to-morrow.¡±
 
¡°Oh!¡± said I thinking of the bill immediately, and remembering that Mrs. Greene had insisted on having champagne for dinner.
 
¡°And if anything more is to be done about the nasty box, it may be done there,¡± continued Sophonisba.
 
¡°But I must go to-morrow,¡± said I, ¡°at 5 a.m.¡±
 
¡°Nonsense,¡± said Sophonisba.  ¡°Go to-morrow, when I,¡ªI mean we,¡ªare going on the next day!¡±
 
¡°And I might as well explain,¡± said I, gently dropping the hand that was on my arm, ¡°that I find,¡ªI find it will be impossible for me¡ªto¡ªto¡ª¡±
 
¡°To what?¡±
 
¡°To advance Mr. Greene any more money just at present.¡±  Then Sophonisba¡¯s arm dropped all at once, and she exclaimed, ¡°Oh, Mr. Robinson!¡±
 
After all, there was a certain hard good sense about Miss Greene which would have protected her from my evil thoughts had I known all the truth.  I found out afterwards that she was a considerable heiress, and, in spite of the opinion expressed by the present Mrs. Robinson when Miss Walker, I do not for a moment think she would have accepted me had I offered to her.
 
¡°You are quite right not to embarrass yourself,¡± she said, when I explained to her my immediate circumstances; ¡°but why did you make papa an offer which you cannot perform?  He must remain here now till he hears from England.  Had you explained it all at first, the ten napoleons would have carried us to Milan.¡±  This was all true, and yet I thought it hard upon me.
 
It was evident to me now, that Sophonisba was prepared to join her step-mother in thinking that I had ill-treated them, and I had not much doubt that I should find Mr. Greene to be of the same opinion.  There was very little more said between us during the walk, and when we reached the hotel at seven or half-past seven o¡¯clock, I merely remarked that I would go in and wish her father and mother good-bye.  ¡°I suppose you will drink tea with us,¡± said Sophonisba, and to this I assented.
 
I went into my own room, and put all my things into my portmanteau, for according to the custom, which is invariable in Italy when an early start is premeditated, the Boots was imperative in his demand that the luggage should be ready over night.  I then went to the Greene¡¯s sitting-room, and found that the whole party was now aware of my intentions.
 
¡°So you are going to desert us,¡± said Mrs. Greene.
 
¡°I must go on upon my journey,¡± I pleaded in a weak apologetic voice.
 
¡°Go on upon your journey, sir!¡± said Mrs. Greene.  ¡°I would not for a moment have you put yourself to inconvenience on our account.¡±  And yet I had already lost fourteen napoleons, and given up all prospect of going to Venice!
 
¡°Mr. Robinson is certainly right not to break his engagement with Miss Walker,¡± said Sophonisba.  Now I had said not a word about an engagement with Miss Walker, having only mentioned incidentally that she would be one of the party at Innspruck.  ¡°But,¡± continued she, ¡°I think he should not have misled us.¡±  And in this way we enjoyed our evening meal.
 
I was just about to shake hands with them all, previous to my final departure from their presence, when the Boots came into the room.
 
¡°I¡¯ll leave the portmanteau till to-morrow morning,¡± said he.
 
¡°All right,¡± said I.
 
¡°Because,¡± said he, ¡°there will be such a crowd of things in the hall.  The big trunk I will take away now.¡±
 
¡°Big trunk,¡ªwhat big trunk?¡±
 
¡°The trunk with your rug over it, on which your portmanteau stood.¡±
 
I looked round at Mr., Mrs., and Miss Greene, and saw that they were all looking at me.  I looked round at them, and as their eyes met mine I felt that I turned as red as fire.  I immediately jumped up and rushed away to my own room, hearing as I went that all their steps were following me.  I rushed to the inner recess, pulled down the portmanteau, which still remained in its old place, tore away my own carpet rug which covered the support beneath it, and there saw¡ªa white canvas-covered box, with a hole in the canvas on the side next to me!
 
¡°It is my box,¡± said Mrs. Greene, pushing me away, as she hurried up and put her finger within the rent.
 
¡°It certainly does look like it,¡± said Mr. Greene, peering over his wife¡¯s shoulder.
 
¡°There¡¯s no doubt about the box,¡± said Sophonisba.
 
¡°Not the least in life,¡± said I, trying to assume an indifferent look.