Chapter I ！ Ben and His Aunt
 Five o'clock sounded from the church clock, and straightway the streets of Milltown were filled with men, women, and children issuing from the great brick factories huddled together at one end of the town. Among these, two boys waked in company, James Watson and Ben Bradford. They were very nearly of an age, James having just passed his fifteenth birthday, and Ben having nearly attained it.
 
Both boys looked sober. Why, will appear from their conversation.
 
"It's rather hard to get out of a job just now," said James. "Why couldn't the superintendent discharge somebody else?"
 
"I suppose it's all right," said Ben. "We were taken on last, and we haven't as much claim to remain as those that have been in the mill longer."
 
"I don't believe there was any need of discharging anybody," complained James.
 
"You know business is very dull," said Ben, who was more considerate, "and I hear they have been losing money."
 
"Oh, well, they can stand it," said James.
 
"So can you," said Ben. "Your father is pretty well off, and you won't suffer."
 
"Oh, I shall have enough to eat, and so on; but I shan't have any spending money, and I can't get a new suit, as I expected to this fall."
 
"I wish that was all I had to fear," said Ben; "but you know how it is with me. I don't see how Aunt Jane is going to get along without my earnings."
 
"Oh, you'll get along somehow," said James carelessly, for he did not care enough about other people's prospects to discuss them.
 
"Yes, I guess so," said Ben, more cheerfully. "There's no use in worrying. Wait and Hope！that's my motto."
 
"You have to wait a thundering long time sometimes," said James. "Well, good night. Come round and see me to-morrow. You'll have plenty of time."
 
"I don't know about that. I must look up something to do."
 
"I shan't. I am going to wait till the superintendent takes me on again. There's one comfort. I can lie abed as long as I want to. I won't be tied to the factory bell."
 
The house which James entered was a good-sized two-story house, with an ample yard, and a garden behind it. His father kept a dry-goods store in Milltown, and was generally considered well-to-do. James entered the mill, not because he was obliged to, but because he wanted to have a supply of money in his pocket. His father allowed him to retain all of his wages, requiring him only to purchase his own clothes. As he was paid five dollars a week, James was able to clothe himself with half his income, and reserve the rest for spending-money. He was very fond of amusements, and there was no circus, concert, or other entertainment in Milltown which he did not patronize.
 
Ben kept on his way, till he reached the small house where his aunt lived, and which had been his own home ever since his parents died, when he was but five years of age. Two years before, Mr. Reuben Bradford, his uncle, died, and since then the family had been supported chiefly by Ben's wages in the mill. His aunt got some sewing to do, but her earnings were comparatively small.
 
There was one thing Ben dreaded, and that was, to tell his aunt about his loss of employment. He knew how she would take it. She was apt to be despondent, and this news would undoubtedly depress her. As for Ben, he was of a sanguine, cheerful temperament, and always ready to look at the bright side, if there was any bright side at all.
 
His little cousin Tony, seven years old, ran out to meet him.
 
"What makes you late, Ben?" he asked.
 
"I am not so very late, Tony," answered Ben, taking the little fellow's hand.
 
"Yes you are; it's half-past five o'clock, and supper's been ready quarter of an hour."
 
"I see how it is, Tony. You are hungry, and that has made you tired of waiting."
 
"No, I am not, but I wanted you to come home. It's always pleasanter when you are at home."
 
"I am glad you like my company. Good evening, Aunt Jane."
 
"Good evening, Ben. Sit right down at the table."
 
"Wait till I've washed my hands, aunt. I came home by Mr. Watson's, and that made me a little longer. Have you heard any news?"
 
Ben asked this, thinking it possible that his aunt had already heard of the discharge of some of the factory hands; but her answer satisfied him that she had not.
 
"Butter's a cent higher a pound," said Mrs. Bradford. "I declare, things seem to be going up all the time. Thirsty-five cents a pound! It really seems sinful to ask such a price."
 
"I wish that wasn't the worst of it," thought Ben.
 
"I'm afraid even at twenty-five cents it will be hard for us to pay for butter, if I don't get something to do soon."
 
"I guess I won't tell Aunt Jane till after supper," Ben decided. "After a good cup of tea, perhaps it won't make her feel so low-spirited."
 
So he ate his supper, chatting merrily with his little cousin all the time, just as if he had nothing on his mind. Even his aunt smiled from time to time at his nonsense, catching the contagion of his cheerfulness.
 
"I wish you'd split a little wood for me, Ben," said Mrs. Bradford, as our hero rose from the supper table. "I've had some ironing to do this afternoon, and that always takes off the fuel faster."
 
"All right, Aunt Jane," said Ben.
 
"I guess I'll wait till I've finished the wood before telling her," thought Ben. "It won't be any worse than now."
 
Tony went into the woodshed, to keep him company, and his aunt prepared to clear away the supper dishes.
 
She had scarcely commenced upon this when a knock was heard at the door. The visitor proved to be old Mrs. Perkins, a great-aunt of James Watson, who was an inveterate gossip. Her great delight was to carry news from one house to another.
 
"How do you do, Mrs. Bradford?" she began. "I was just passin' by, and thought I'd come in a minute."
 
"I am very glad to see you, Mrs. Perkins. Won't you have a cup of tea?"
 
"No thank you. The fact is, I've just took tea at my nephew Watson's. There I heard the news, and I couldn't help comin' right round and sympathizin' with you."
 
"Sympathizing with me! What for?" asked Mrs. Bradford, amazed. On general principles, she felt that she stood in need of sympathy, but her visitor's tone seemed to hint at something in particular.
 
"It ain't possible you haven't heard the news?" ejaculated Mrs. Perkins, feeling that she was indeed in luck, to have it in her power to communicate such important intelligence to one who had not heard of it.
 
"I hope it isn't anything about Ben," said Mrs. Bradford alarmed.
 
"Yes, I may say it is something about Benjamin," answered Mrs. Perkins, nodding in a tantalizing manner.
 
"He hasn't got into any scrape, has he? He hasn't done anything wrong, has he?" asked Aunt Jane startled.
 
"No, poor child!" sighed the old lady. "That's the wust on't. It ain't what he has done; it's because he won't have anything to do."
 
"For mercy's sakes, tell me what you mean, Mrs. Perkins."
 
"Hasn't Benjamin told you that he's lost his place at the factory?"
 
"Is this true, Mrs. Perkins?" asked Mrs. Bradford, turning pale.
 
"Yes, business is dull and fifty men and boys have been turned off. James Watson and your Benjamin are among them."
 
"Ben never told me anything about it," faltered Mrs. Bradford. "Heaven only knows what we shall do."
 
"Oh, I guess you'll get along someway," said Mrs. Perkins, complacently. She was not herself affected, having sufficient property to live upon. "Well, I must be going," said the old lady, anxious to reach the next neighbor, and report how poor Mrs. Bradford took it. "Don't you be too much worried. The Lord will provide."
 
"I am afraid we shall all starve," thought Mrs. Bradford mournfully.
 
She opened the shed door, and said: "Ben, is it true that you've lost your place at the mill?"
 
"Yes, aunt," answered Ben. "Who told you?"
 
"Old Mrs. Perkins. Why didn't you tell me before?"
 
"There's no hurry about bad news, aunt."
 
"I am afraid we'll all have to go to the poorhouse," said Aunt Jane, sighing.
 
"Perhaps we may, but we'll see what else we can do first. Wait and Hope, aunt！that's my motto."
 
Mrs. Bradford shook her heard mournfully.
 
"I don't mind it so much for myself," she said; "but I can't help thinking of you and Tony."
 
"Tony and I are coming out all right. There's lots of ways of making money, aunt. Just do as I do！'Wait and Hope.'"
 
Chapter II ！ Three Situations
 Before going further it may be as well to explain exactly how the Bradfords were situated. To begin with, they had no rent to pay. The small house in which they lived belonged to an old bachelor uncle of Mrs. Bradford, living in Montreal, and all they were required to do was to pay the taxes, which amounted to very little, not more than twelve dollars a year. Ben had earned at the factory five dollars a week, and his aunt averaged two. To some readers it may seem remarkable that three persons could live and clothe themselves on seven dollars a week; but Mrs. Bradford was a good manager, and had not found the problem a difficult one.
 
Now, however, the question promised to become more difficult. If Ben found nothing to do, the family would be reduced to two dollars a week, and to live comfortably on that small sum might well appal the most skilful financier.
 
Ben woke up early, and immediately began to consider the situation. His motto was "Wait and Hope"; but he knew very well that he must work while he was waiting and hoping, otherwise he would differ very little from the hopeful Micawber, who was always waiting for something to turn up.
 
"Aunt Jane," he said, after a frugal breakfast, over which Mrs. Bradford presided with an uncommonly long face, "how much money have you got on hand? I want to know just how we stand."
 
Mrs. Bradford opened her pocketbook with a sigh, and produced two one-dollar bills and thirty-seven cents in change.
 
"There's only that between us and starvation," she said mournfully.
 
"Well, that's something," said Ben cheerfully. "Isn't it, Tony?"
 
"It's a lot of money," said the inexperienced Tony. "I never had so much in all my life."
 
"There, somebody thinks you are rich, Aunt Jane," laughed Ben.
 
"What should the poor child know of household expenses?" said Mrs. Bradford.
 
"To be sure. Only we may get some money before that is used up. They owe me at the factory for half a week！two dollars and a half. I shall get it Saturday night. We won't starve for a week, you see."
 
"Where are you going, Ben?" asked Tony; "won't you stay and play with me?"
 
"I can't, Tony. I must go out, and see if I can find something to do."
 
Milltown was something more than a village. In fact, it had been incorporated two years before as a city, having the requisite number of inhabitants. The main street was quite city-like, being lined with stores.
 
"I wonder if I can't get a change in a store," thought Ben. So he made his way to the principal street, and entered the first store he came to！a large dry-goods store.
 
Entering, he addressed himself to a small, thin man, with an aquiline nose, who seemed to have a keen scent for money.
 
"What can I do for you, young man?" he asked, taking Ben for a customer.
 
"Can you give me a place in your store?" asked Ben.
 
The small man's expression changed instantly.
 
"What do you know of the dry-goods trade?" he inquired.
 
"Nothing at present, but I could learn," answered our hero.
 
"Then, I'll make you an offer."
 
Ben brightened up.
 
"If you come into the store for nothing the first year, I'll give you two dollars a week the second."
 
"Do you take me for a man of property?" asked Ben, disgusted.
 
The small man replied with a shrill, creaking laugh, sounding like the grating of a rusty hinge.
 
"Isn't that fair?" he asked. "You didn't expect to come in as partner first thing, did you?"
 
"No, but I can't work for nothing."
 
"Then！lemme see！I'll give you fifty cents a week for the first year, and you can take it out in goods."
 
"No, thank you," answered Ben. "I couldn't afford it."
 
As he went out of the store, he heard another grating laugh, and the remark: "That's the way to bluff 'em off. I offered him a place, and he wouldn't take it."
 
Ben was at first indignant, but then his sense of humor got the better of his anger, and he said to himself: "Well, I've been offered a position, anyway, and that's something. Perhaps I shall have better luck at the next place."
 
The next place happened to be a druggist's. The druggist, a tall man, with scanty black locks, was compounding some pills behind the counter.
 
Ben was not bashful, and he advanced at once, and announced his business.
 
"Don't you want a boy?" he asked.
 
The druggist smiled.
 
"I've got three at home," he answered. "I really don't think I should like to adopt another."
 
"I'm not in the market for adoption," said Ben, smiling. "I want to get into some store to learn the business."
 
"Have you any particular fancy for the druggist's business?" asked the apothecary.
 
"No, sir, I can't say that I have."
 
"I never took much, but enough to know that I don't like it."
 
"Then I am afraid you wouldn't do for experiment clerk."
 
"What's that?"
 
"Oh, it his duty to try all the medicines, to make sure there are no wrong ingredients in them！poison, for instance."
 
"I am afraid I shouldn't like that," said Ben.
 
"You don't know till you've tried. Here's a pill now. Suppose you take that, and tell me how you like it."
 
The druggist extended to Ben a nauseous-looking pill, nearly as large as a bullet. He had made it extra large, for Ben's special case.
 
"No, I thank you," said Ben, with a contortion of the face; "I know I wouldn't do for experiment clerk. Don't you need any other clerk? Couldn't I learn to mix medicines?"
 
"Well, you see, there would be danger at first！to the customers, I mean. You might poison somebody, and then I would be liable for damages. If you will get somebody to sign a bond, forfeiting ten thousand dollars in any such case, I might consider your application."
 
"I don't think I could find any such person," said Ben.
 
"Then I am afraid I can't employ you. You are quite sure you don't want to be experiment clerk?"
 
"And swallow your medicines? I guess not. Good morning."
 
"Good morning. If you want any pills, you will know where to come."
 
"I would rather go where they make 'em smaller," said Ben.
 
Ben and the druggist both laughed, and the former left the shop.
 
"That's the second situation I have been offered today," soliloquized our hero. "They were not very desirable, either one of them, to be sure, but it shows there's an opening for me somewhere."
 
The next was a cigar store.
 
"I might as well go in," thought Ben.
 
A little hump-backed man was behind the counter.
 
"Want to hire a boy?" asked Ben.
 
"Are you the boy?"
 
"Yes."
 
"What can you do?"
 
"I am willing to do anything."
 
The hunchback grinned.
 
"Then perhaps I can give you a situation. Will you work for three dollars a week?"
 
Ben reflected.
 
"That will do, with strict economy," he thought, "till the factory takes me on again."
 
"I'll come for a few weeks, at that rate," he said.
 
"But perhaps you won't like your duties," said the hunchback, grinning in a curious manner.
 
"What would be my duties?"
 
"I should paint you red, and have you stand outside the door, as an Indian," was the answer.
 
Ben didn't relish the joke.
 
"You'd better take that position yourself," he retorted. "Nobody'd know the difference."
 
"Get out!" roared the cigar dealer angrily.
 
Ben left at once.
 
"That's the third situation I've been offered," he said: "I'd give 'em all three for a decent one."
Chapter III ！ At Lovell's Grounds
 On the way home Ben met James Watson.
 
"How are you, James?" he said. "What have you been doing this morning?"
 
James gaped.
 
"The fact is," he said, "I have only just got up and had my breakfast."
 
"I don't see how you can lie abed so late."
 
"Oh, I can do it just as easy. I guess I was born sleepy."
 
"You look so," retorted Bed, with a laugh.
 
"What have you been doing?" inquired James lazily.
 
"I've been about in search of a place."
 
"You have!" said James, with sudden interest. "Did you find any?"
 
"Yes, I found three."
 
"What!" exclaimed James, in surprise.
 
"I was offered three places."
 
"Which did you take?"
 
"I didn't take any; I didn't like them."
 
"You are too particular, Ben. Just tell me where they are; I'll accept one."
 
"All right!" said Ben. "I'll give you all the information you require. The first is a dry-goods store."
 
"I'd like to be in a dry-goods store. What's the pay?"
 
"Fifty cents a week for the first year."
 
"Faugh!" ejaculated James, disgusted. "What's the second place?"
 
"Experiment clerk at the druggist's."
 
"Good pay?"
 
"I don't know."
 
"What are the duties?"
 
"To taste all the medicines, to make sure there's no poison in them. The druggist offered me a pill, to begin with, about as large as my head."
 
"I wouldn't take it for a hundred dollars a week. What's the third?"
 
"In a cigar store. The pay is three dollars a week."
 
"That's better than nothing. Where is it? I guess I'll take it."
 
"I don't think you'll like the duties," said Ben, laughing.
 
"I wouldn't mind selling cigars."
 
"That isn't what you're wanted for. You are to be painted red, and stand outside as an Indian."
 
"That's the worst yet. I don't wonder you didn't take any of those chances. What are you going to do this afternoon?"
 
"Try and find some more places."
 
"Leave that till tomorrow. You know there's going to be a big picnic at Lovell's Grounds, with all sorts of athletic sports. There are prizes for wrestling, jumping, and so on."
 
"I would like it well enough, but I can't afford to go."
 
"There'll be nothing to pay. Father subscribed for two tickets, so I've got a spare one. Come, will you go?"
 
"Yes, I will, and thank you."
 
"Then come round to the house as soon as you've got through dinner."
 
"All right! I'll come."
 
"I suppose you haven't found a place?" said Mrs. Bradford when Ben entered.
 
"Not yet."
 
"I don't know what's going to become of us if you don't," said Aunt Jane mournfully.
 
"Don't get discouraged so quick, aunt. I've only been looking round one forenoon. Besides, I've been offered a place, and declined it."
 
"Declined it! What could you have been thinking of?"
 
Ben then told his aunt of the place at the druggist's. He thought he would not mention the others.
 
"If you'd taken it, we might have got our medicine cheaper," said Aunt Jane, who did not comprehend a joke, and understood the offer literally.
 
"I should have got mine for nothing," said Ben, laughing, "and more than I wanted, too."
 
"What pay would you get?"
 
"I didn't ask. The first pill the druggist offered me was too much for me. So I respectfully declined the position."
 
"Pills are excellent for the constitution," said Mrs. Bradford, in a rather reproachful tone. "I never could get you to take them, Benjamin. Some day you'll lose your life, perhaps, because you are so set against them."
 
"I can't say I hanker after them, aunt," said Ben good humoredly. "However, you see, I might have had a place, so you mustn't get discouraged so quick."
 
"Will you stay at home this afternoon, Ben?" asked little Tony.
 
"I can't Tony; I have an engagement with James Watson. Aunt Jane, if I am late to supper, don't be frightened."
 
Ben found James ready and waiting. They set out at once.
 
Lovell's Grounds were situated a mile and a half away; they comprised several acres, sloping down to a pond, which was provided with pleasure boats. The grounds were frequently hired by parties from neighboring towns, having been fitted up especially for the enjoyment of a crowd. To-day they were engaged by a young people's association, and the program included, among other things, some athletic sports.
 
The grounds were pretty well filled when the two boys arrived. In fact, the performance had already commenced.
 
"You're just in time for the fun, boys," said George Herman, a mutual acquaintance, coming up to meet them.
 
"Why, what's up George?"
 
"There is to be a fat man's race of two hundred yards, for a prize of five dollars."
 
"Who are going to enter?"
 
"Tom Hayden, the landlord of the Milltown House, and Jim Morrison, the tailor. One weighs two hundred and fifty, the other two hundred and forty-three."
 
"Good!" laughed Ben. "That will be fun. Where do they start from?"
 
"There! Don't you see that chalk-mark? And there come the men."
 
There was a level track laid out, extending two hundred yards, which was used for such occasions, and this was one of the attractive features of Lovell's Grounds.
 
The two men advanced to the starting-line, each accoutered for the race. They had divested themselves of their coats, and stood in shirt-sleeves, breathing hard already, in anticipation of the race. Their bulky forms appeared to great advantage, and excited considerable amusement. Tom Hayden, who was rather the heavier of the two, had encircled his waist with a leather strap, which confined it almost as closely as a young lady's waist. This was by advice of Frank Jones, a young fellow noted as a runner.
 
"I don't think I can stand it, Frank," said Hayden, gasping for breath.
 
"Oh, yes, you can, Mr. Hayden. You'll see how it will help you."
 
"I can hardly breathe. You've got it too tight."
 
Frank Jones loosened it a little, and then turned to Morrison.
 
"Won't you have a girdle, too, Mr. Morrison?" he asked.
 
"Not much. I don't want to be suffocated before I start. Have you made your will, Hayden?"
 
"Not yet, I will make it after I have won the prize."
 
"Are you ready, gentlemen?" asked Frank Jones, who officiated as starter.
 
"As ready as I ever expect to be," answered Hayden, trying to draw a long breath, and failing.
 
"Then, start at the word three. One! Two! Three!"
 
Amid shouts of applause, the two fat men started. It cannot be said they started like arrows from the bow, but they certainly exerted themselves uncommonly. Their faces grew red with the efforts they made, and their colossal legs hurried over the ground as fast as could reasonably be expected.
 
"I could beat them easily," said James Watson.
 
"Of course you could. Just wait till you've got as much to carry. Look! there's Morrison down!"
 
It was true. Somehow one of Morrison's legs entangled with the other, and he tumbled and rolled over and over.
 
"Go in and win, Hayden!" shouted fifty voices to his gasping competitor.
 
About seventy-five yards remained to be traversed. It look as if Hayden could win the race with opposition. But he was quite out of breath. He pressed both hands on his stomach, stopped, and deliberately sat down on the track.
 
"Don't give it up!" yelled the crowd. "Keep on, and the prize is yours!"
 
"I can't," gasped Hayden, "and I wouldn't for five times the prize. I don't want it."
 
So the prize was not awarded, but the crowd had their fun, and the two fat competitors sat down together to rest under a tree. They did not recover from their efforts for at least an hour.
 
"Is there to be a boys' race?" asked Ben.
 
"Yes, the boys' race is next in order. You'd better enter."
 
"I will," said Ben. "What's the prize?"
 
"Five dollars."
 
Ben's eyes sparkled.
 
"If I could only win it," he thought, "it would be equal to a week's pay at the factory."
Chapter IV ！ The Boys' Race
 Ben felt that his chances of winning the prize were very good. Among his schoolmates he was distinguished for his superiority in all athletic sports. He could jump farther and run faster than any of the boys of his age; and this was a ground of hope. On the other hand, he could not tell how many contestants there might be. He had measured himself against the boys of his acquaintance; but there were hundreds of other boys in the city, and among them it was quite possible that there might be one who surpassed him. However, Ben was always hopeful, and determined to do his best to win.
 
One of the committee now came forward and announced the boys' race. The distance was to be the same, the prize five dollars, and there was a limitation of age. No boy over seventeen years of age was permitted to enter.
 
"Are you going to compete, James?" asked Ben.
 
"I guess not. I don't stand any chance against you."
 
"I don't know about that. I might stumble or give out."
 
"I should like the five dollars well enough."
 
"Then enter your name."
 
"Well, I will. I may as well try."
 
So Ben and James were the first to enter their names.
 
"Are you coming in, George?" asked Ben of George Herman.
 
"No; I lamed myself in jumping yesterday, and am not in condition; my brother, Frank, is going to enter. Of course he won't stand any chance, for he is too young."
 
The next to put down his name was Radford Kelso.
 
"You can't run, Radford. You're too fat," said George Cormack.
 
"You're as fat as I am," retorted Radford. "I stand as much chance as you."
 
Next came Arthur Clark and Frank Jones, both tall and long of limb, and looking as if they might be dangerous rivals. Both were strangers to Ben.
 
"I am afraid one of those fellows will outrun me," said Ben, aside, to James.
 
"They are taller, but perhaps they can't hold out as well."
 
"But the course is only two hundred yards," said Ben; "that is against me."
 
Just then the announcement was made, on behalf of the committee, that the distance would be increased to three hundred yards, and that there would be a second race of a hundred and fifty yards for boys under fourteen, the prize being two dollars and a half.
 
"Frank," said George Herman to his brother, "you had better wait and enter the second race."
 
"I think I will and here is Charlie. He can go in, too."
 
Edward Kemp, Harry Jones and George Huntingdon next entered their names for the first race. The list was about to be declared complete, when an active, well-made youth advanced, and expressed a wish to compete. He had just reached the grounds, and learned that a race was to be run. He gave his name as John Miles, from Boston.
 
"Who is he, George? Do you know him?" asked Ben.
 
"I believe he is visiting some friends in Milltown."
 
"He looks as if he might run."
 
"He is well made for running. The question is, has he had any training."
 
"That's going to decide the matter."
 
"Take your places, boys!"
 
At the order, the contestants, whose names have already been given, took their places in line.
 
John Miles glanced carelessly and rather contemptuously at his rivals.
 
"I'll show them how to run," he said.
 
"You are very kind," said Frank Jones, who stood next to him. "We never saw anybody run, you know."
 
"I have practiced running in a gymnasium," said Miles pompously.
 
"Running is the same all the world over."
 
"Perhaps it is; but I run on scientific principles."
 
Frank Jones laughed.
 
"You are very condescending to run with us, then."
 
"Oh, I go in for all the fun I can get."
 
"I suppose you expect to win the prize?"
 
"Of course I do. Who is there to prevent? You don't pretend to run, do you?"
 
"Well, I've always supposed I could run a little, though I have never run in a gymnasium; but there are better runners here than I. That boy"！pointing to Ben！"is said to be a good runner."
 
"He!" said John Miles contemptuously. "Why, I'm a head taller than he. He's a mere baby."
 
"Well, we shall see."
 
Time was called, and the signal to start was given.
 
The boys started almost simultaneously; Arthur Clark was fastening a girdle about his waist, and that delayed him a little. For a few rods all the boys kept pretty well together. Then three gradually drew away from the rest. These three were John Miles, Frank Jones, and Ben Bradford. Arthur Clark was just behind, but his loss at the start put him at a disadvantage.
 
When the race was half over, John Miles led, while, fifteen feet behind, Ben Bradford and Frank Jones were doing their best to overtake him. John Miles wore upon his face the complacent smile of assured victory.
 
At two hundred yards, Frank and Ben had partially closed the gap between themselves and John Miles. Intent though he was on his own progress, Ben had leisure to observe that Miles was beginning to lose ground. It seemed clear that he was inferior to Ben in sustained power.
 
"There is hope for me yet," thought Ben. "I am not in the least tired. Toward the end I will put on a spurt, and see if I can't snatch the victory from him."
 
"Go in and win!" exclaimed Frank Jones. "You're got more wind than I. Don't let a stranger carry off the prize."
 
"Not if I can help it," said Ben.
 
He was now but four feet behind John, and there were fifty yards to be run.
 
For the first time, John Miles became apprehensive. He turned his head sufficiently to see that the boy whom he had considered beneath his notice was almost at his heels.
 
"I can't let a baby like that beat me," he said to himself, and he tried to increase the distance by a spurt. He gained a temporary advantage, but lost more in the end, for the attempt exhausted his strength, and compelled him to slacken his speed farther on.
 
Twenty yards from the goal the two rivals were neck and neck.
 
"Now for my spurt!" said Ben to himself.
 
He gathered himself up, and darted forward with all the strength that was in him. He gained six feet upon his rival, which the latter tried in vain to make up.
 
The excitement was intense. Popular sympathy was with Ben. He was known to be a Milltown boy, while John Miles was a stranger.
 
"Put on steam, Milltown!" shouted the crowd.
 
"Hurrah for Boston!" called out two personal friends of John Miles.
 
Ben crossed the line seven feet in advance of John, amid shouts of applause.
 
Frank Jones came in an easy third, and Arthur Clark ranked fourth.
 
"I congratulate you," said Frank to Ben, who stood, flushed and pleased, at the goal. "You've won the prize fairly."
 
John Miles stood by, mortified and sullen.
 
"Better luck next time!" said Frank Jones. "You see we know a little about running."
 
"I should have won easily enough if I hadn't had a sudden attack of cramp," said John grumbling.
 
"You didn't run as if you had the cramp."
 
"You say so, because you don't know how fast I can run. I didn't run at all this morning."
 
"That's unlucky. I wanted to see some real running."
 
"I should like to run the race over again," said John.
 
"Of course, you can't for the prize has been won."
 
"I don't care about the prize. I've got money enough."
 
"I haven't," said Ben; "I care more for the money than the victory."
 
"Look here!" said John. "I'll put up five dollars myself, if you'll run with me again."
 
"You will?" exclaimed Ben, his eyes sparkling.
 
"Yes, I will."
 
"And you won't ask me to put up anything?"
 
"No."
 
"Then I'll run if the committee will let me."
 
A ready permission was obtained from the committee; but it was stipulated that the younger boys should have their race first. To this both contestants readily agreed, since it would give them a chance to recover from the fatigue of the race they had just engaged in.
Chapter V ！ Ben Wins Again
 "I am very glad you won," said Frank Jones, in a low voice.
 
"Thank you; so am I," answered Ben, smiling.
 
"Of course I should have preferred to win myself," continued Frank candidly; "but, as I saw that it lay between you and John Miles, I sided with you."
 
"Do you know Miles?"
 
"No, but I spoke with him just as the race began. I saw that he felt sure of winning. He boasted that he had practiced running at a gymnasium in Boston."
 
"Then I wonder he didn't beat me."
 
"He would on a short race; but your wind is better."
 
"I am glad to win, for the sake of the money," said Ben. "I have lost my place at the factory, and my aunt depends on my earnings."
 
"Then I am glad for you," said Frank. "I didn't need the money myself. If I had won, I would have given it to you, knowing your circumstances."
 
"You are very kind," said Ben gratefully.
 
"You may win another five dollars. I hope you will."
 
"It will be rather hard on John Miles to lose two races and his money, too."
 
"You needn't consider that. If I judge him rightly, he has self-conceit enough to carry him through a dozen defeats. He will have some excuse ready, you may be sure. He says he lost the first race by a sudden cramp. He has not more cramp than I."
 
"There are little boys in line," said Ben. "I recognize Frank and Charlie Herman. Do you know the others?"
 
"I know nearly all. Next to Charlie Herman are Aleck Gale, Johnny Clarke, little Vanderhoef, Brooks Gulager, and Charlie Boyd. The end boy is Charlie Snedeker."
 
"Who will win?"
 
"One of the Hermans, probably."
 
The prediction proved correct.
 
Charles Herman can in first, leading his brother by a few feet.
 
"You ought to divide the prize with me, Charlie," said Frank. "I didn't like to beat my older brother, or I would have run ahead of you."
 
"You didn't seem to hold back much," said Charlie. "However, I will be generous and give you a dollar. It will be all in the family."
 
Proclamation was now made that a supplementary race would be run, for a prize of five dollars, offered by John Miles, the contestants being John Miles and Ben Bradford. The distance by request of Miles, was diminished to two hundred yards. John was shrewd enough to see that the shorter distance was more favorable to himself. Defeat had not diminished his good opinion of himself, not increased his respect for Ben.
 
"You gained the race by an accident," he said to Ben, as they stood side by side, waiting for the signal.
 
"Perhaps I did," replied Ben good-humoredly; "all I can say is that it was a lucky accident for me."
 
"Of course it was. You don't think you can run as fast as I can?"
 
"I can't tell yet. I will do my best."
 
"You will have to. I have practiced running in a Boston gymnasium."
 
"Then you have the advantage of me."
 
"Of course I have. Besides, I am taller than you."
 
"For all that, I mean to win your five dollars if I can."
 
"My money is safe enough. I don't concern myself about that."
 
"He has a tolerably comfortable opinion of himself," thought Ben; "I begin to want to beat him for something else than the money."
 
The signal was given, and the boys started.
 
As in the first race, John Miles soon took the lead. He was nearly three inches taller than Ben. Naturally, his legs were longer, and this was an advantage. Again he put forth all his strength at once; Ben, on the other hand, reserved his strength for the close of the contest. When the race was half over, John Miles was probably twenty feet in advance.
 
"Boston, will win this time," said Arthur Clark. "See how much Miles leads."
 
"I am not so sure of that," said George Herman. "I know Ben Bradford. He is very strong, and can hold out well. Miles is using himself up. Do you see how he is panting?"
 
This was true. In spite of all his training, John Miles had never been able to overcome a shortness of breath which was constitutional with him. It was telling upon him now.
 
Foot by foot Ben gained upon him. It was the first race over again. Toward the finish he overtook him, and a final spurt won the race！with John Miles full ten feet behind.
 
"Have I won fairly?" asked our her, turning to John.
 
"That confounded cramp caught me again," said John sullenly. "If it hadn't been for that, you couldn't have beaten me."
 
"That was unlucky for you."
 
"I could beat you by twenty-five yards if I felt all right."
 
"Boasting is easy," thought Ben, but he did not say it. He felt in too good humor over his second victory.
 
"We may have a chance to run again some time when you are in better condition," he said cheerfully.
 
"Maybe so," answered John dubiously. He felt that he had had enough of running against Ben.
 
Ben's acquaintances gathered about him, and congratulated him over his double victory. Boys whom he did not know sought an introduction, and he found himself quite a lion.
 
John Miles returned to the two boys who had accompanied him, and began to apologize for his want of success.
 
"I was awfully unlucky," he said. "I suppose that fellow thinks, because he has beaten me twice when I had the cramp, that he is a better runner than I am. Just see those fellows crowding around him! I suppose he will strut like a turkey-cock."
 
But this was doing injustice to Ben. He certainly had reason to feel pleased with his success; for it not only brought him a sum equal to two weeks' wages at the factory, but he received the congratulations of the boys so modestly that he won the good opinion of many who had hitherto been strangers to him.
 
"By George, Ben, you've done well," said James Watson. "I just wish I were in your place."
 
"I owe my good luck to you, James."
 
"How is that?"
 
"You invited me to come here. I shouldn't have come but for you."
 
"I am glad of it, Ben. From what you tell me, the money'll come in handy."
 
"Indeed it will, James."
 
"It would come in handy to me, too, but you need it more."
 
Ben was summoned before the committee of the picnic, and asked whether he preferred to take his prizes in money or in the form of a gold medal.
 
"In money," he said promptly.
 
"The medal would always remind you of your victory."
 
"They wouldn't receive it at a grocery store," said Ben.
 
"Then you are a family man?" said a member of the committee, smiling.
 
"Yes," said Ben; "I've got an aunt and cousin to provide for."
 
The money was accordingly placed in his hands. Two five-dollar greenbacks were a rich reward for his afternoon's exertions, he thought.
 
"I wish I could earn as much money every day," he thought.
 
"We would have no trouble then about getting along."
 
About half-past four o'clock, Ben and James left the picnic grounds, and started on their way home. They had occasion to pass the cigar store where Ben had been offered employment. The proprietor was standing at the door.
 
"Have you made up your mind to accept my offer?" he asked recognizing Ben.
 
"You don't offer enough," said Ben.
 
"Isn't three dollars a week enough for a boy like you?"
 
"Since I last saw you I've earned ten dollars," answered Ben.
 
"You have!" exclaimed the cigar dealer, in surprise. "I believe you are deceiving me. You don't expect me to believe a story like that."
 
"There is the proof," said Ben, displaying the greenbacks.
 
"Are you sure you haven't stolen the money?" asked the dwarf suspiciously.
 
"I am as sure as that you are no gentleman," retorted Ben, nettled by his tone.
 
The cigar dealer began to jump up and down with rage, and shook his fist violently at the two boys, who retired laughing.
Chapter VI ！ Mr. Dobson's Visit
 It was a little after five o'clock when Ben entered his humble home. He was in excellent spirits, as may be imagined. His aunt's face, however, presented a decided contrast to his own.
 
"Well, Benjamin," she said, with a sigh, "I suppose you haven't found anything to do."
 
"No, Aunt Jane, I have been to a picnic."
 
"I don't see how you can have the spirits to go to a picnic when we are on the verge of starvation," said Mrs. Bradford reproachfully.
 
"Not so bad as that, Aunt Jane; we won't starve this week, anyway."
 
"Perhaps not; but I look forward to the future."
 
"So do I, Aunt Jane," Ben replied; "but there is this difference between us. You look forward with discouragement, while I look forward hopefully. You know my motto is, Wait and Hope!"
 
"You'll have plenty of waiting to do," his aunt retorted; "but there isn't much to hope for."
 
"Why isn't there?"
 
"I shouldn't think you'd need to be told. You haven't earned a cent to-day, and！！"
 
"How do you know I haven't?" demanded Ben, smiling.
 
"How could you? You were going about this morning after a place, and this afternoon you have been at a picnic."
 
"For all that, aunt, I have earned something！more than if I had been at the factory."
 
Mrs. Bradford stared at Ben in astonishment.
 
"How much did you earn, Ben?" asked Tony.
 
"Haven't I done well enough to earn a dollar, Tony?"
 
Mrs. Bradford's face assumed a more cheerful look, for a dollar in that little household would go far.
 
"I don't see how you found time to earn so much, Benjamin," she said.
 
"Now, just suppose, aunt, that I earned two dollars," said Ben, with a merry twinkle in his eyes.
 
This was too much for his aunt to believe.
 
"If supposing would make it so, I should be very glad to suppose; but it won't."
 
"But it's true, aunt."
 
"I can't believe it, Benjamin, unless you've found the money somewhere, and then you will have to return it."
 
"No, I earned it, Aunt Jane, and it's mine fairly."
 
"I am glad to hear it, Benjamin. Is there any chance to earn any more the same way?"
 
"I am afraid not, Aunt Jane. However, I've done even better than I told you. I've earned ten dollars this afternoon."
 
"Benjamin Bradford!" said his aunt sharply. "Do you expect me to believe such a foolish story as that?"
 
Ben laughed, He was not surprised at his aunt's incredulity; he wouldn't have believed that morning that there was any chance of his making so much money.
 
"I don't know as I blame you, Aunt Jane; but if you won't believe me, perhaps you'll believe your own eyes," answered Ben, as he drew forth the two five-dollar bills from his pocket, and showed them to Mrs. Bradford.
 
"Are they good?" she asked suspiciously.
 
"As good as gold, Aunt Jane; well, not exactly as good as gold, but as good as greenbacks, anyway."
 
"I can't understand it at all," said Mrs. Bradford, in helpless bewilderment.
 
"Then I'll tell you all about it," said Ben; and he did so.
 
"I shall have a high opinion of my legs from this time," he concluded, "for they have earned ten dollars in quicker time than my hands can earn twenty-five cents."
 
Even his aunt, in spite of her despondent mood, could not help being cheerful over such good fortune as that.
 
"You see, Aunt Jane, that even if I don't earn anything for the next two weeks, we shall be as well off as if I had been working at the factory all the time. So don't worry any more till that time has passed."
 
"You certainly have been very fortunate, Benjamin," Mrs. Bradford was forced to admit.
 
A copious rain is very apt to be followed by a protracted drought, and I am sorry to say that this was the case with Ben's luck. Day after day he went about Milltown, seeking for employment, and night after night he returned home disappointed and empty-handed. If it had depended only on himself, his courage would still have kept up; but his aunt's dismal forebodings affected his spirits. He did not find it quite so easy to wait and hope as he anticipated.
 
Three weeks passed, and Ben was painfully sensible that there was but a dollar in the house.
 
They had just risen from the dinner table on the day when their fortunes were at so low an ebb, when a knock was heard at the door. A man of about thirty-five, Mr. Jotham Dobson, was admitted. Mr. Dobson was a man with a brisk, business-like air.
 
"Won't you come in, Mr. Dobson?" asked Ben, who had answered the knock.
 
"Is your aunt at home?" inquired Mr. Dobson bruskly.
 
"Yes, sir."
 
"Then, I'll step in a minute, as I want to see her on business."
 
"What business can he possibly have?" thought Ben. "I wish his business lay with me, and that he wanted to employ me."
 
"Good morning, Mrs. Bradford," said Dobson rapidly. "No, thank you, I really haven't the time to sit down; I have a little business with you, that's all."
 
"Perhaps he wants to get me to do some sewing," thought Mrs. Bradford; but she was doomed to be disagreeably disappointed.
 
"Perhaps you are not aware of it," said Mr. Dobson, "but I am the city collector of taxes. I've got your tax bill made out. Let me see！here it is. Will it be convenient for you to pay it to-day?"
 
"How much is it?" faltered Mrs. Bradford.
 
"Eleven dollars and eighty cents, precisely," answered the collector.
 
Mrs. Bradford looked so doleful that Ben felt called upon to reply.
 
"We can't pay it this morning, Mr. Dobson," he said.
 
"Really, you had better make the effort," said Dobson. "You are aware that the tax is now due, and that one per cent a month will be added for default. That's twelve per cent, a year！pretty heavy."
 
"What shall we do, Benjamin?" asked his aunt, in a crushed tone.
 
"Wait and hope, Aunt Jane."
 
"My friends," said Mr. Dobson persuasively, "I really think you'd better make the effort to pay now, and so avoid the heavy interest."
 
"Perhaps," said Ben, "you'll tell us how to pay without money?"
 
"You might borrow it."
 
"All right! I am willing. Mr. Dobson will you be kind enough to lend us twelve dollars to meet this bill?"
 
Mr. Dobson's face changed. It always did when any one proposed to borrow money of him, for he was what people called a "close" man.
 
"I really couldn't do it," he answered. "Money's very scarce with me！particularly scarce. It's all I can do to pay my own taxes."
 
Ben smiled to himself, for he knew how the application would be answered.
 
"Then of course we can't pay at present," he said. "We've tried to borrow, and can't."
 
"I didn't expect you'd try to borrow of me！the tax collector," said Dobson; "even if I had the money, it would be very unprofessional of me to lend you the money."
 
"It would be very unprofessional of us to pay you without money," returned Ben.
 
"I suppose I must call again," said the collector, disappointed.
 
He was disappointed less for the city than for his own account, for he received a percentage on taxes collected.
 
"I suppose you must."
 
"Benjamin, this is awful," said Mrs. Bradford piteously, after Mr. Dobson had retired. "What is going to become of us? The city will sell the house for taxes."
 
"They'll wait a year first, at any rate, Aunt Jane; so we won't fret about it yet. There are other things more pressing."
 
"If we don't get some money within a day or two, we must starve, Benjamin."
 
"Something may turn up this afternoon, Aunt Jane. Wait and hope!"
 
Ben put on his hat and went out. In spite of his cheerful answer, he felt rather sober himself.
Chapter VII ！ Ben Gets Employment
 When Ben got out into the street, he set himself to consider where he could apply for employment. As far as he knew, he had inquired at every store in Milltown if a boy was wanted, only to be answered in the negative, sometimes kindly, other times roughly. At the factory, too, he had ascertained that there was no immediate prospect of his being taken on again.
 
"It's a hard case," thought Ben, "when a fellow wants to work, and needs the money, and can find no opening anywhere."
 
It was a hard case; but Ben was by no means the only one so situated. It may be said of him, at all events, that he deserved to succeed, for he left no stone unturned to procure employment.
 
"Perhaps," he thought, "I can get a small job to do somewhere. It would be better to earn a trifle than to be idle."
 
As this thought passed through Ben's mind, he glanced into Deacon Sawyer's yard. The deacon was a near neighbor of his mother, and was reputed rich, though he lived in an old-fashioned house, furnished in the plain manner of forty years back. It was said that probably not fifty dollars' worth of furniture had come into the house since the deacon's marriage, two-and-forty years previous. Perhaps his tastes were plain; but the uncharitable said that he was too fond of his money to part with it.
 
A couple of loads of wood were just being deposited in the deacon's yard. They were brought by a tenant of his, who paid a part of his rent in that way.
 
When Ben saw the wood, a bright thought came to him.
 
"Perhaps I can get a chance to saw and split that wood," he said to himself. "The deacon doesn't keep a man, and he is too old to do it himself."
 
As Ben did not mean to let any chance slip, he instantly entered the yard by the gate, and, walking up to the front door, rang the bell. The bell had only been in place for a year. The deacon had been contented with the old fashioned knocker, and had reluctantly consented to the innovation of a bell, and he still spoke of it as a new-fangled nonsense.
 
Nancy Sawyer, an old-maid daughter of the deacon, answered the bell.
 
"Good morning, ma'am," said Ben politely.
 
"Good morning, Ben," the deacon's daughter responded. "How's your aunt to-day?"
 
"Pretty well, thank you."
 
"Will you come in?"
 
"I called on business," said Ben. "Don't you want that wood sawed and split?"
 
"Yes, I suppose it ought to be," said Nancy. "Do you want to do it?"
 
"Yes," said our hero. "I'm out of work and ready to do anything I can find to do."
 
"Are you used to sawing and splitting wood?" inquired Nancy cautiously. "We had a boy once who broke our saw, because he didn't understand how to use it."
 
"You needn't be afraid of my meeting with such an accident," said Ben confidently. "I saw and split all our wood at home, and have ever since I was twelve years old."
 
"Come in and speak to father," said Nancy; "I guess he'll be willing to hire you."
 
She led the way into a very plain sitting room, covered with a rag carpet, where the deacon sat in a rocking chair, reading an agricultural paper！the only one he subscribed to. His daughter, whose literary tastes were less limited, had tried to get him to subscribe for a magazine, but he declined, partly on account of the expense, and partly because of the pictures of fashionably dressed ladies, and he feared his daughter would become extravagant in dress.
 
Deacon Sawyer looked up as Ben entered the room.
 
"It's Ben Bradford, father," said Nancy, for her father's vision was impaired.
 
"He ain't come to borrow anything, has he, Nancy?" asked the old man.
 
"No, he wants you to employ him to saw and split your wood."
 
"Don't you know I'm a sawyer myself?" said the deacon, chuckling over a familiar joke.
 
Ben laughed, feeling that it was his policy to encourage what feeble glimmering of wit the deacon might indulge in.
 
"That's your joke, father," said Nancy. "You'll have to get the wood sawed and split, and you might as well employ Ben."
 
"I thought you was in the factory, Benjamin," said the old man.
 
"So I was, but they cut down the number of hands some weeks ago, and I had to leave among others."
 
"How do you make a livin', then?" inquired the deacon bluntly.
 
"We've got along somehow," said Ben; "but if I don't get work soon, I don't know what we shall do."
 
"Nancy," said the deacon, "seems to me I can saw the wood myself. It will save money."
 
"No, you can't father," said Nancy decidedly. "You are too old for that kind of work, and you can afford to have it done."
 
"You are a sensible woman, even if you are homely," thought Ben, though for obvious reasons he did not say it.
 
"I dunno about that, Nancy," said her father.
 
"Well, I do," said Nancy peremptorily.
 
The fact is, that she had a will of her own, and ruled the deacon in many things, but, it must be admitted, judiciously, and with an eye to his welfare.
 
"How much will you charge, Benjamin," the deacon asked, "for sawing and splitting the whole lot."
 
"How much is there of it?" asked Ben.
 
"Two cords."
 
"I don't know how much I ought to charge, Deacon Sawyer. I am willing to go ahead and do it, and leave you to pay me what you think right."
 
"That's right," said the deacon in a tone of satisfaction. "You may go ahead and do it, and I'll do the right thing by you."
 
"All right," said Ben cheerfully. "I'll go right to work."
 
I am obliged to say that in this agreement Ben was unbusiness-like. There are some men with whom it will answer to make such contracts, but it is generally wiser to have a definite understanding. For the lack of this, disputes often arise, and mean men will take advantage when so fair an opportunity is afforded them.
 
After Ben left the room, Nancy, who was sensible and practical, and by no means niggardly as her father, said to him; "You ought to have named your terms, Ben. Then you would know just what you are earning."
 
"I was afraid I might ask too much, and lose the job."
 
"Now you may get too little."
 
"Even if I do, I would rather be at work than be doing nothing."
 
"That's the right way to feel," said Nancy, approvingly. "I like to see a boy at your age industrious. As to the terms, I will try to make my father do you justice."
 
"Thank you, ma'am. Can you tell me where you keep the saw and ax?"
 
"You will find them in the woodshed, in the L part."
 
"Thank you."
 
"How long do you expect the job will take you?"
 
"I should think two or three days; but I have never undertaken such a large job of any kind before."
 
"Very well. I didn't speak of it because there is any hurry about it."
 
"You may not be in a hurry, but I am," thought Ben, "for I want the money."
 
Ben tackled the wood-pile vigorously. It was not a kind of work he was partial to; but he was sensible enough to know that he must accept what work came in his way without regard to his own preferences.
 
He had been at work about an hour when he heard his name called from the street. Looking up, he recognized James Watson.
 
"Is that you, Ben?" asked James, in some astonishment.
 
"It is supposed to be. Don't I look natural?" asked Ben, smiling.
 
"What are you doing?"
 
"Don't you see? I am sawing wood."
 
"You don't mean you go around from house to house sawing wood?"
 
"Why not?"
 
"I should think you would be too proud to do it."
 
"I am not too proud to do any honest work that will put money in my pocket. Isn't it as respectable as working in the factory?"
 
"Certainly not. I am willing to work in the factory, but I wouldn't go round sawing wood."
 
"You can afford to be proud, James, but I can't. We are almost out of money, and I must do something."
 
"I don't believe the deacon will give you much of anything. He hasn't the reputation of being very generous."
 
"I must take my chance at that."
 
"I am sorry for it. I wanted you to go fishing with me this afternoon."
 
"I should like to go, James, but business before pleasure, they say."
 
"Ben has not pride," thought James, as he went away, disappointed.
 
But he was mistaken. Ben was proud in his way, but he was not too proud to do honest work.
 
Chapter VIII ！ Deacon Sawyer's Liberality
 About four o'clock on the afternoon of the third day, Ben completed his job. Not only had he sawed and split the wood, but carried it into the woodshed and piled it up neatly, all ready for use. He surveyed his work not without complacency.
 
"The deacon can't find fault with that job," he said to himself. "He ought to pay me a good price."
 
The shed opened out of the kitchen. Ben rubbed his feet carefully on the mat, knowing that housekeepers had a prejudice against mud or dust, and, ascending a couple of steps, entered the kitchen. Miss Nancy was there, superintending her "help."
 
"Well, Miss Nancy," said Ben, "I've finished the wood."
 
"Have you piled it up in the woodshed?" asked the lady.
 
"Yes. Won't you come and look at it?"
 
Nancy Sawyer stepped into the shed, and surveyed the wood approvingly.
 
"You've done well," she said. "And now I suppose you want your money."
 
"It would be convenient," admitted Ben.
 
"You'll have to see father about that," said Nancy.
 
"Can I see him now?" asked Ben, a little anxiously, for he knew that his aunt's stock of money had dwindled to ten cents.
 
"Yes; you may go right into the sitting-room."
 
This room was connected by a door with the kitchen.
 
"Wait a minute," said Nancy; and she looked at Ben in rather an embarrassed way.
 
Ben paused with his hand on the latch, waiting to hear what Miss Nancy had to say.
 
"My father is very careful with his money," she said. "He may not realize how much work there has been in sawing and splitting the wood. He may not pay you what it is worth."
 
Ben looked serious, for he knew that he needed all he had earned.
 
"What shall I do if he doesn't?" he asked.
 
"I don't want you to dispute about it. Take what he gives you, and then come to me. I will make up what is lacking in one way or another."
 
"Thank you, Miss Nancy. You are very kind," said Ben.
 
"I don't know about that," said Nancy. "I don't pretend to be very benevolent; but I want to be just, and in my opinion that is a good deal better. Now you may go in."
 
Ben lifted the latch, and entered the sitting-room. He found that the deacon was not alone. A gentleman, of perhaps thirty-five, was with him.
 
"I hope I am not intruding," said Ben politely, "but I have finished with the wood."
 
Though Deacon Sawyer was a very "close" man, he was always prompt in his payments. So much must be said to his credit. He never thought, therefore, of putting Ben off.
 
"I suppose you want to be paid, Benjamin?" he said.
 
"Yes, sir, I should like it, if convenient to you."
 
"Lemme see, Benjamin, how long has it taken you?"
 
"Two days and a half, sir."
 
"Not quite. It's only four o'clock now. Have you just go through?"
 
"Yes, sir."
 
"We didn't make no bargain, did we?"
 
"No, sir, I left it to you."
 
"Quite right. So you did. Now, Benjamin," continued the deacon, "I want to do the fair thing by you. Two days and a half, at twenty-five cents a day, will make sixty-two cents; or we will say sixty-three. Will that do?"
 
Poor Ben! He had calculated on three times that sum, at least.
 
"That would only be a dollar and a half a week," he said, looking very much disappointed.
 
"I used to work for that when I was young," said the deacon.
 
"At the factory I was paid five dollars a week," said Ben.
 
"Nobody of your age can earn as much as that," said the deacon sharply. "No wonder manufacturin' don't pay, when such wages are paid. What do you say, Mr. Manning?" continued the deacon, appealing to the gentlemen with him.
 
Mr. Manning's face wore an amused smile. He lived in the city, and his ideas on the subject of money and compensation were much less contracted than the deacon's.
 
"Since you appeal to me," he answered. "I venture to suggest that prices have gone up a good deal since you were a boy, Deacon Sawyer, and twenty-five cents won't go as far now as it did then."
 
"You are right," said the deacon; "it costs a sight for groceries nowadays. Well, Benjamin, I'll pay you a little more than I meant to. Here's a dollar, and that's good pay for two days and a half."
 
Ben took the money, but for the life of him he couldn't thank the deacon very heartily. He had been paid at the rate of forty cents a day, which would amount to two dollars and forty cents a week, for work considerably harder than he had done at the factory.
 
"Good afternoon," he said briefly, and reentered the kitchen.
 
Nancy Sawyer scanned his face closely as he closed the door of the sitting-room. She was not surprised at his expression of disappointment.
 
"Well," she inquired, "what did father pay you?"
 
"He wanted to pay me sixty-three cents," answered Ben, with a touch of indignation in his tone. "Twenty-five cents a day."
 
"Of course that was much too little. What did he pay you?"
 
"A dollar."
 
"How much were you expecting to get?" asked Nancy, in a business-like tone.
 
"I was hoping to get seventy-five cents a day. That would be less than I got at the factory."
 
"I think your work was worth that much myself," said the spinster.
 
Ben felt encouraged.
 
"My father is getting old. He forgets that money won't buy as much as it did in his younger days. He means to be just."
 
"Then I don't think he succeeds very well," thought Ben.
 
"I understand such things better," proceeded Miss Nancy, "and I try to make up for father's mistakes, as far as I can. Now tell me what are you meaning to do with the money you received for this job?"
 
"I shall give it all to Aunt Jane," answered Ben.
 
"You are a good boy," said Nancy approvingly. "And she will buy groceries with it, I suppose?"
 
"Yes, Miss Nancy. It is about all she has to depend upon."
 
"Just so. Now, Ben, I will tell you what I will do. Father keeps me pretty close myself, as far as money goes, but we have plenty in the house of groceries and such things as your aunt will need to have. Now, will it do just as well if I give you the balance that you have earned in that form?"
 
"It will do just as well, Miss Nancy, and I am very much obliged to you for your kindness."
 
"I am not kind, only just," said Nancy. "I don't think it honest to pay too little for work, nor father, either, for that matter, only he doesn't always set the right value on it. Maggie, you may bring me the large covered basket in the back room up-stairs."
 
Maggie brought the basket at once, and Miss Nancy went with it into the storeroom, or buttery. She tied up various parcels of sugar, tea, and flour, and added two loaves of bread and a couple of pies, quite filling the basket.
 
"There," she said, "I guess you'll find a dollar and a half's worth of articles here. Give my love to your aunt, and tell her from me that they are not a gift, but that you have fairly earned them."
 
"Thank you, Miss Nancy," said Ben, overjoyed at his good luck. "You may say you are not kind, but I am sure you are."
 
Miss Nance was really pleased by this recognition of her attempt to do justice.
 
"If it's kindness," she said, "you are very welcome. Do you find it hard to get along, Benjamin?"
 
"Pretty hard, since I have lost my place at the factory, Miss Nancy."
 
"Tell your aunt," said Miss Nancy significantly "that if she ever want to borrow any flour or groceries, to come to me."
 
"Thank you," said Ben gratefully, and he felt sure that Nance had a kind heart, in spite of her prim and formal demeanor.
 
With a glad heart, he carried home the basket, and its contents brought great relief to Mrs. Bradford, who, as she told Ben, was "most out of everything."
Chapter IX ！ Mr. Manning's Proposal
 After supper Ben sauntered slowly up the street. It was a relief to him after his confinement during the day, and there was always a chance to find something to do. This was desirable, for now that Deacon Sawyer's woodpile was disposed of, Ben had no work engaged.
 
Ben sauntered along, as I have said, until he found himself in front of the Milltown Hotel.
 
It was the only hotel in the town, and, though not large, was able to accommodate all who had occasion to visit the town and were not otherwise provided.
 
"I wonder if Mr. Brockton"！this was the landlord's name！"hasn't got something for me to do," thought Ben.
 
As this thought occurred to him, he entered by the open door, and stepped into the office.
 
Mr. Brockton was not in, but, in an armchair at a window, Ben recognized Mr. Manning, the same gentleman whom he had seen two hours before at Deacon Sawyer's.
 
The recognition was mutual. Mr. Manning removed his cigar from his lips and said, with a smile:
 
"Your name is Benjamin, isn't it?"
 
"Yes sir."
 
"Have you come to spend some of the money you received from my friend, the deacon?"
 
"No, sir. It is all the money I have in the world, and I must take good care of it."
 
"Wages don't seem to be very high in Milltown," remarked Mr. Manning pleasantly, and he smiled again.
 
"Not for sawing and splitting wood, sir. They pay very well in the factory.
 
"Were you ever employed in the factory?"
 
"Yes, sir."
 
"How did you happen to lose your place?" inquired Mr. Manning searchingly.
 
"It was the dull times, sir. They discharged quite a number, and as I was one of the latest on, of course I was among the first to go."
 
"You don't complain of that, do you?"
 
"No, sir; but at the same time, it was unlucky for me."
 
"Still, it wasn't as bad as if you were a man with a family to support."
 
"I have a family to support, sir."
 
"You have?" repeated Mr. Manning, a little surprised. "You are rather young！to have a family," he added, with a smile.
 
Ben laughed.
 
"I am not married yet, if that's what you mean," he said; "but I have an aunt and cousin to take care of."
 
"And you find it hard work, eh?"
 
"Yes, sir."
 
"Tell me about it. Here sit down next to me, and tell me how you are situated."
 
Mr. Manning had a sympathetic tone, which invited confidence. So Ben followed his directions, and confided to him all his perplexities.
 
"We got along well enough," he concluded, "as long as I kept my place at the factory. Five dollars a week went a good way with us. Besides, my aunt made about two dollars a week sewing.
 
"Is she making that now?"
 
"No, sir. Even that kind of business is getting dull. Last week she made a dollar and a quarter."
 
"That isn't much."
 
"No, sir. But every little helps."
 
"You are right there. We must not despise small earnings！such as you made in the deacon's employ."
 
"I got paid better than you think, sir," said Ben. "Miss Nancy made it up to me."
 
"Did she? I am glad to hear it. She is a good woman. She understands better than her father the proper price of work."
 
"Yes, sir. Are you any relative to Deacon Sawyer?"
 
"No," said Mr. Manning, "but I have had a little business transaction with the deacon. He's pretty close in money matters."
 
"So people say here, sir."
 
"But I must do him justice, and add that you can rely implicitly upon his word. Well, Ben, what are your plans?"
 
"Only to find work of any kind, sir."
 
"How happened you to come to the hotel here?"
 
"I thought Mr. Brockton might possibly have something for me to do."
 
"Sawing wood, perhaps?"
 
"Yes, sir; or anything else that is honest."
 
"You are a good industrious boy," said Mr. Manning approvingly. "You deserve to succeed."
 
This approval encouraged Ben.
 
"Thank you, sir," he said.
 
"Perhaps I may some time have it in my power to help you."
 
"I hope you may sir. At any rate, I thank you for mentioning it."
 
Mr. Manning paused a moment. He appeared to be in thought. As he remained silent, Ben concluded that the interview was at an end.
 
He rose from his seat, and was about to bid Mr. Manning good evening, when the latter said: "Are you particularly engaged for the next hour, Ben?"
 
"No, sir," Ben answered, rather surprised.
 
"Then suppose we take a walk? I am alone here, and would like your company."
 
"Thank you, sir," said our hero, feeling flattered at the value set upon his society by a gentleman from New York; for he had ascertained that Mr. Manning was a member of a business firm in the great city.
 
They left the hotel, Mr. Manning lighting a fresh cigar.
 
"I won't offer you a cigar, Ben," he said, "for I don't think it well for boys of your age to smoke."
 
"I never smoked in my life," said Ben.
 
"But I presume you know some boys that do."
 
"Oh, yes, plenty of them."
 
"It is a bad thing for them, impoverishing the blood, and often checking the growth. I am glad you have not contracted the habit. Suppose we walk by your house?"
 
"All right, sir. You won't find it very large or elegant."
 
"But is it comfortable?"
 
"Oh, yes, sir."
 
"What kind of woman is your aunt? You may think it an odd question, but I have my reasons for asking."
 
"She is an excellent woman," said Ben. "She has only one fault."
 
"What is that?"
 
"She gets discouraged too easily."
 
"As now, for instance?"
 
"Yes, sir; she predicts that we shall all be in the poor-house inside a month."
 
"What do you think about it?"
 
"My motto is, 'Wait and Hope.'"
 
"A very good one, but I can give you a better."
 
"What is that, sir?"
 
"Work and Hope."
 
"Oh, I mean that, too. There isn't much use in waiting if you don't work, too."
 
"I see we agree pretty well on that point."
 
"That is our house," said Ben, pointing out the cottage where his aunt lived.
 
It was small, but everything about it was neat and attractive.
 
"How many are there in your family?" asked Mr. Manning, again.
 
"My aunt and my little cousin, Tony."
 
"How old is he?"
 
"Seven years old."
 
"You wonder, perhaps, why I ask so many questions," said Mr. Manning. "I will tell you. By the death of an intimate friend I have become guardian to a little girl, about five years old. She is at present in the city, but I think she will be better off in the country. Now, do you think your aunt would take charge of such a child！for a fair price, of course? It might pay her better than sewing."
 
"I think she would," said Ben; "but would you be satisfied with our humble way of living?"
 
"I don't wish the child to live on rich food. Good bread and butter and plenty of milk are better, in my opinion, than rich meats."
 
"She could have as much of those as she wanted."
 
"And your little cousin would be company for her."
 
"Yes, sir; he would like it very much. He feels lonely when I am away."
 
"Then, as to the terms, I think I should be willing to pay seven dollars a week."
 
"Seven dollars a week for a little girl's board!" exclaimed Ben, astonished.
 
"Well, not exactly for the board alone. There will be considerable care. I could get her boarded for half that, but her father left considerable property, and I prefer to pay a generous price. Do you think she will consent to take the child?"
 
"Yes, sir, and think herself very lucky, too. Won't you come in and speak to her about it?"
 
"No; you may speak to her about it, and I will call in the morning, and settle the details of the arrangement. And now, good night."
 
"Good night, sir.'
 
"What splendid luck!" thought Ben. "Aunt Jane will hardly believe it. Didn't I tell her to 'Wait and Hope'?"
 
And he entered the house.
Chapter X ！ Ben's Journey
 Ben looked so cheerful and smiling that Tony asked: "Have you got work, Ben?"
 
"Not yet, Tony."
 
Mrs. Bradford shook her head rather despondently.
 
"We might as well go to the poorhouse first as last," she said.
 
"I don't think we had better go at all, Aunt Jane," said Ben.
 
"You can't find anything to do."
 
"Not yet, but I expect to some time."
 
"And what are we going to do till then?"
 
"I mean to fall back upon you, Aunt Jane. I think you will be able to keep us from starving."
 
"I don't know what you mean, Benjamin. I am sure I am willing to work; but last week I only earned a dollar and a quarter, and I don't feel sure of even doing that."
 
"I have got a plan for you, Aunt Jane."
 
"What is it?"
 
"You might take a boarder."
 
"Who would come to board with me?"
 
"Perhaps I can find you a boarder."
 
"Besides, any one that could pay a fair price would expect better living than we could afford."
 
"I don't think you will find that trouble with the boarder I have engaged for you."
 
"What do you mean, Benjamin?" asked Mrs. Bradford, in surprise.
 
"What would you say to boarding and taking care of a little girl of five?"
 
"Do you know of any such little girl?"
 
"Yes."
 
"What would her friends be willing to pay?"
 
"Seven dollars a week."
 
This was about twice as much as Mrs. Bradford expected, and she looked incredulous.
 
"I don't believe any one would pay such a price," she said.
 
Upon this Ben gave his aunt full particulars, and her usually sober face brightened up at the prospect of thus maintaining their home.
 
"I can hardly believe it," she said. "This Mr. Manning must be very liberal.
 
"The money doesn't come from him. He says the little girl has property, and can afford to pay well. He is coming round to-morrow morning to learn whether you will take her."
 
"Won't you take her, mother?" pleaded Tony.
 
"I shall be very glad of the chance," said Mrs. Bradford. "It will make us very comfortable."
 
"Still, Aunt Jane, if you would really prefer going to the poorhouse," said Ben, his eyes twinkling, "I will go round and see if you can get in."
 
"Never mind, Benjamin," said his aunt cheerfully. "I prefer to keep out of that place as long as I can."
 
"Would you like to have a little girl to play with, Tony?" asked Ben.
 
"It'll be bully," said Tony.
 
"Where did you learn that word, Tony?" inquired his mother, shocked.
 
"It isn't swearing, is it, mother?"
 
"No, but it is not refined."
 
"I'm too young to be refined, mother."
 
"But where did you learn it, Tony?"
 
Ben smiled. "Tony don't want to expose me, Aunt Jane," he said. "I suppose he learned it of me. It isn't a bad word."
 
"I never used it," said Mrs. Bradford primly.
 
"No, I should think not," said Ben, laughing. "I can't image you calling anything bully. It isn't a lady's word. You know, aunt, boys can't always use go-to-meetin' words. They want to be free and easy sometimes."
 
Here the discussion was dropped, and the evening was passed cheerfully.
 
The next morning Mr. Manning called. Admitted into the little cottage, he glanced quickly about him, and was pleased to find that, though the furniture was plain, there was evidences of neatness. Mrs. Bradford, too, in spite of her tendency to low spirits, impressed him favorable, as likely to be kind and judicious. But perhaps what influenced him as much as anything was the presence of Tony, for he held that a child companion would be very desirable for his young ward. He repeated the offer of seven dollars a week.
 
"I am afraid it will hardly be worth that, Mr. Manning, though it will be very welcome to us," said Mrs. Bradford.
 
"I prefer to pay liberally, since the property left to my young charge is ample. Besides, she will be more or less care. I shall have to trouble you to provide the little girl with suitable attire, charging, of course, all outlays to me."
 
"I shall be very glad to do so, Mr. Manning. When do you wish the child to come?"
 
"As soon as possible."
 
"Will you bring her yourself?"
 
"There will be some difficulty about that," answered Mr. Manning hesitatingly. "I can't leave my business."
 
"Where is she, may I ask?"
 
"In New York."
 
"Can't I go for her?" asked Ben eagerly.
 
"Why, Benjamin," expostulated his aunt, "you have never traveled. I wouldn't trust you by yourself, much less with the care of a child."
 
Mr. Manning smiled, but Ben was annoyed.
 
"Why, Aunt Jane, you must think me a baby," he said. "I guess I can take care of myself."
 
"I wouldn't dare to go to New York myself alone," said his aunt.
 
"Oh, that's different," said Ben. "You're a woman, and of course you couldn't take care of yourself."
 
"And you are a man, I suppose?" said Mr. Manning, amused.
 
"I shall be some time, and Aunt Jane never will," returned Ben.
 
"I think, Mrs. Bradford," said Mr. Manning, "that your nephew is right in that. Seriously, I am inclined to favor the plan."
 
"Do you really think Benjamin can be trusted, Mr. Manning?"
 
"I really do."
 
"He has never been away from home."
 
"I think he has plenty of self-reliance, and will quickly learn what little is needed about traveling. I am willing to trust him."
 
"Thank you, sir," said Ben, much gratified, feeling a high respect for Mr. Manning's judgment.
 
"Can you get him ready to go with me by the twelve-o'clock train?" asked Mr. Manning.
 
"Twelve o'clock!" ejaculated Mrs. Bradford, startled. "Why, it's nine now."
 
"Well, aunt, can't I change my clothes in three hours?" asked Ben impatiently.
 
"But to go on such a journey! It seems so sudden."
 
"I don't think there will be any trouble in getting ready," said Mr. Manning, to whom the journey to New York seemed like a mere trifle, though it was nearly six hundred miles away. "Of course," he continued, "I shall pay his expenses. And"！and here he hesitated a little, from motives of delicacy！"allow me to pay two weeks' board in advance. You may have occasion to use the money."
 
"Thank you, sir," said Mrs. Bradford gratefully.
 
It did, indeed, relieve her from anxious embarrassment, for her purse was very low; and if Ben were gone any length of time, she would have been in a dilemma.
 
"I think we have settled all that is needful," said Mr. Manning, rising to go. "If anything else occurs to me, I will either tell Ben or write to you. Good morning, Mrs. Bradford."
 
"Good morning, sir."
 
Turning to Ben, Mr. Manning said:
 
"Ben, let me see you at the hotel as early as half-past eleven."
 
"I'll be on hand, sir," said Ben. "I'll get there earlier, if you say so."
 
"Just as you like. When you come, call for me."
 
"Yes, sir."
 
"It doesn't seem as if you were going away, Ben," said Tony.
 
"I can't hardly realize it myself, Tony."
 
"It's a great responsibility, Benjamin," said his aunt, beginning to look serious. "Suppose the cars run off the track."
 
"I guess they won't, Aunt Jane."
 
"I was reading of an accident out West only yesterday."
 
"I am not going out West, Aunt Jane. I guess I'll reach New York right side up with care."
 
"What an expression, Benjamin!"
 
Ben laughed.
 
"Only boys' talk, aunty. It means all right."
 
"Don't you go on the steamboat, too, Benjamin?"
 
"I guess so."
 
"The boiler may explode."
 
"If everybody thought that, nobody would travel, Aunt Jane. It doesn't happen once in a thousand times."
 
At last Ben got ready.
 
He was very much excited, but his excitement was of a pleasurable kind. One his way to the hotel, he met James Watson.
 
"Where ware you going, all dressed up, Ben?"
 
"Going to New York," answered Ben proudly.
 
"You're only foolin'!"
 
"No, I'm not. I'm going to New York by the twelve-o'clock train."
 
"What for?" asked James astonished.
 
"To escort a lady home," answered Ben. "She wants an able-bodied escort, that's used to traveling."
 
James was very much surprised, and also a little incredulous, but he was finally convinced that Benn was in earnest.
 
"I wish I were in your shoes," he said enviously. "There's nothing I'd like better than going to New York. You're a lucky boy!"
 
Ben quite agreed with him.
Chapter XI ！ In New York
 Of the journey to New York I do not purpose to speak. Ben enjoyed it extremely, for it gave him his first view of the great world. As he whirled by town after town and city after city, and reflected how small, after all, was the distance on the map between Milltown and New York, he got a new idea of the size of the world.
 
"What are you thinking about, Ben?" asked Mr. Manning, observing that our hero looked thoughtful.
 
"I was thinking how large the world is, sir."
 
"Didn't you ever think of that before?"
 
"No, sir; I have always lived in Milltown. I don't think I was ever ten miles from home before."
 
"Then your ideas were necessarily contracted. One advantage of travel is, that it broadens our views, not only as regards distance, but also of men and things."
 
Ben assented, though he did not fully understand his companion's statement.
 
From time to time Ben asked questions of Mr. Manning; but after a while that gentlemen met a friend on the cars, and Ben was left pretty much to himself.
 
They did not reach New York till midnight.
 
"I will take you to my boarding-house to-night, Ben," said his companion. "Tomorrow we will talk over our plans."
 
A hansom conveyed them to a house in an up-town street, where Mr. Manning boarded. Of course Ben could not at that hour see much of the great city which he was visiting for the first time. Besides, he was quite fatigued, and felt more like closing his eyes in sleep than using them.
 
Mr. Manning's rooms were very comfortable, and even luxurious. Ben slept soundly till his companion waked him up.
 
"Come, Ben, it's eight o'clock, and the breakfast bell is ringing. Haven't you had sleep enough?"
 
The sun was shining bright in at the window, and the noise of carriages could be heard in the street beneath.
 
Ben looked about him in momentary bewilderment.
 
"Don't you know where you are?" asked Mr. Manning smiling.
 
"Yes, I am in New York," said Ben, his face brightening up.
 
"I'll be dressed in less than no time," he exclaimed, leaping out of bed, and setting to work energetically.
 
"If you keep your promise I certainly can't complain," said Mr. Manning.
 
"Shall we be late to breakfast?" asked Ben, with some anxiety.
 
"There will be others later. So you feel hungry, do you?"
 
"Uncommonly hungry," said Ben. "I guess it's travelling that gives me an appetite. What a nice place you live in, Mr. Manning! It's very handy having water come out of pipes. How do they do it?"
 
"I'll explain to you some time, when we are not in such a hurry."
 
"All right, sir."
 
Ben was soon dressed, and went down to breakfast with his new patron. There was quite a difference between the appearance of the table at this fashionable boarding house and their plain breakfast table at home; but Ben was one who easily adapted himself to new circumstances, and did not display any greenness.
 
"Now, Ben," said Mr. Manning, as they rose from the table, "I suppose you are not in a very great hurry to go home."
 
"No, sir."
 
"You would like to see a little of the city?"
 
"Yes, sir, very much."
 
"I think day after to-morrow will be early enough to go back. You write a line to your aunt, so that she need not feel anxious."
 
"Thank you, sir. Where is the little girl?"
 
"She is temporarily staying at the house of a married sister of mine. My sister is rather an invalid, or she might keep her permanently. I shall not have time to go round and introduce you to-day, for my business will occupy me closely."
 
"Where shall I go, sir?" asked Ben.
 
"Wherever you like. You can wander round the city, and see whatever pleases you. Only be back a little before six o'clock, for that is our dinner hour."
 
"Dinner at six!" repeated Ben astonished, for he had always been accustomed to dine at twelve. "When do you take supper?"
 
"We don't sup at all, that is, not regularly. In the middle of the day we take lunch. You can go into some restaurant, and buy lunch."
 
"Yes, sir."
 
"Oh, by the by, have you got any money?" asked Mr. Manning.
 
"A little," answered Ben.
 
"How much?"
 
Ben produced thirty-seven cents in change.
 
"That is rather short allowance," said Mr. Manning. "Here take this." He handed him a two-dollar bill.
 
"I don't need so much, Mr. Manning," said Ben.
 
But two dollars were not so much in the eyes of his patron, as in his.
 
"I dare say you can find a use for it," he said smiling.
 
"Thank you, sir."
 
"Well, good morning; or perhaps it will be as well for you to accompany me as far as Broadway. There I shall take a car, and you can saunter along as you please."
 
A brief walk brought them to Broadway, and then they separated.
 
Ben wandered down Broadway, amused at the sight until he same to Twenty-third Street, where he stopped. Ben look at it with admiration. He had never seen such structures, nor dreamed of their existence.
 
"New York's a splendid city!" he said to himself.
 
As he was looking about him, some one addressed him:
 
"What are you looking at Johnny?"
 
"My name isn't Johnny," answered Ben, turning toward the boy who had accosted him.
 
The boy puffed out his cheeks and whistled.
 
"When did you come from the country?" he asked.
 
"Why are you so anxious to know?" inquired Ben, who saw that the other was making game of him, and was not overwell pleased.
 
"Why, you see, Barnum has offered twenty-five cents for a country greenhorn, and I guess you'll do," said the boy, with his tongue in his cheek.
 
Ben was irritated at first, but he concluded to take it as a joke.
 
"I am not for sale at that price," he said, adding good humoredly, "I am green, I suppose. This is my first visit to the city. Can you tell me the name of that building?"
 
"That's the Imperial Hotel. Have you got a cigarette to spare?"
 
"No," said Ben; "I don't smoke."
 
"Then you ain't civilized," said the boy. "I've smoked for five years."
 
"You have!" exclaimed Ben, amazed. "Why, you don't look any older than I am."
 
"I'm sixteen."
 
"And I'm not quite fifteen."
 
Ben noticed that the boy had none of the youthful bloom which mantled his own cheeks. He was already paying the penalty of his early use of tobacco.
 
"You're a big boy of your age," said the city boy.
 
Ben thought that the other was small for his age, but he did not say so.
 
"Look here, Johnny," said the New York boy.
 
"My name is Ben."
 
"What's the odds? Well, Ben, if you'll give me a quarter. I'll go round and show you some of the sights; what do you say?"
 
Ben hesitated. It seemed to him a little extravagant. At the same time his curiosity was aroused, and he finally agreed to the proposal. When he returned to his home in the country, he felt that he should like to be able to tell his companions something of the city he had visited.
 
"Give me five cents in advance," said the newly engaged guide.
 
"What for?" asked Ben, cautiously.
 
"I want to get some cigarettes."
 
Ben complied with his request.
 
The boy darted into a small cigar store, and soon emerged with a cigarette in his mouth at which he puffed with evident pleasure.
 
"Won't you try one?" he asked.
 
"I guess not," said Ben.
 
"Come along, then. You ask any questions about what you see, and I'll answer."
 
"What's that field? It's a common, isn't it?" asked Ben pointing to a park after they walked down Broadway for a few blocks.
 
"Oh, that's Madison Park; but we've got a good deal bigger park than that up-town. Central Park！that's the name of it."
 
"Is it far off?"
 
"About two miles. Do you want to go there?"
 
"No, I'd rather see the streets, and the nice buildings. I can see plenty of fields at home."
 
"Are you going to stay long in the city?" asked, Tom, for this Ben learned was the name of his companion.
 
"Only a day or two. I want to see as much as I can while I am here."
 
They walked down Broadway, Tom pointing out the prominent buildings, and answering the numerous questions asked by Ben. On the whole, he proved to be a very good investment in the way of a guide, being well-informed on the subjects about which Ben inquired.
 
When they reached the Astor House, Tom said: "I guess you've got a quarter's worth out of me. If you want me any longer you must give me another quarter."
 
"I can't afford it," said Ben, "I guess I can get round by myself now."
 
So Tom left him with scant ceremony, and Ben sat down on a bench in City Hall Park to rest.
Chapter XII ！ An Adventure
 Presently a young man, rather showily dressed, sat down beside Ben. He glanced sharply at our hero, but did not immediately address him. Finally he said: "Fine day, my young friend."
 
"Yes, sir, very fine," returned Ben politely.
 
"I suppose you live in the city?"
 
"No, sir, I am here only on a visit," said Ben, rather flattered by the supposition.
 
"I don't look so green, after all," he thought.
 
"So am I," said the other, "I live in Philadelphia."
 
"I am from the country," said Ben.
 
"Indeed! You have lived in the city some time, have you not?"
 
"No, sir."
 
"I am surprised to hear it. You have the appearance of a city boy."
 
Ben was not inaccessible to flattery. It was not surprising that he regarded the young man from Philadelphia with favor.
 
"Have you dined?" inquired the stranger.
 
"Not yet," said Ben. "I don't know where to find a restaurant."
 
"Say no more about it, my young friend. I shall be glad to have you dine with me. I know a good place, quite near by."
 
"You are very kind," said Ben, "considering that I am a stranger."
 
"I have a young cousin who resembles you very closely. I suppose that is why I cannot regard you as a stranger. By the way, what is your name?"
 
"Ben Bradford."
 
"Singular coincidence! My cousin is named Benjamin. My name is John Smithson. Well, Ben, if you will allow me the familiarity, suppose we go to dinner."
 
"Thank you, Mr. Smithson."
 
Ben followed his new acquaintance to a moderately-priced restaurant in Fulton Street. It was the first time he had ever been to an eating-house, and looked with interest at the numerous tables.
 
Smithson and he took seats at a small table opposite each other, and the former began to inspect the bill of fare.
 
"I hope you have a good appetite, my young friend," he said, "so that you may do justice to my hospitality."
 
"City people seem to be very kind," thought Ben. "No one in Milltown would pay me such attention."
 
Finally he made his selection, and so did Smithson.
 
At the end of half-an-hour the dinner was concluded.
 
Smithson looked at the checks.
 
"Sixty cents and seventy-five cents," he said; "that makes a dollar and thirty-five cents."
 
"Yes, sir."
 
"I have go to step out a minute," said Smithson. "Oblige me by paying at the desk out of this bill."
 
As he spoke he handed Ben a five-dollar bill.
 
"But," said Ben, "there will be nearly four dollars left."
 
"Meet me an hour hence at the place where we were seated, and hand me the balance of the money."
 
"But," said Ben, "I might miss you. Haven't you better pay yourself, as you go out?"
 
"I am in a great hurry, to meet an engagement," said Smithson.
 
"Suppose I shouldn't meet you. Suppose I should keep the money."
 
"No fear. You look honest. Well, meet me in an hour;" and he hurried out of the restaurant, saying, with a nod to the cashier: "The boy will pay."
 
Here was another compliment, Ben thought. A perfect stranger had trusted him with three dollars and sixty-five cents, which he might readily make off with.
 
"I am glad I look honest," thought Ben. "I seem to be treated very well."
 
Two minutes later he went up to the cashier's desk, and, laying down the two checks, extended the five-dollar bill. The cashier was about to make change when his attention seemed to be drawn to the bill. He held it up, and scrutinized it very closely, considerably to Ben's surprise.
 
"Young man," said he suspiciously, "where did you get this bill?"
 
"From the man that came in with me," answered Ben.
 
"Are you aware that this is a bad bill?" asked the cashier sharply.
 
"A bad bill?" exclaimed Ben, in genuine surprise. "No, I had no idea of it."
 
"Who is this man who gave it to you? Do you know him?"
 
"He said his name was Smithson, from Philadelphia. I never saw him before this morning."
 
"What were you to do with the change I gave you back? Did he tell you to keep it?"
 
"No, sir. I was to meet him in the park in an hour and give it to him."
 
"He has been making a catspaw of you."
 
"I don't understand," said Ben.
 
"Knowing the bill to be bad, he did not venture to offer it himself, as it would make him liable to arrest."
 
"Arrest!" exclaimed Ben, in dismay.
 
"Yes. One who knowingly offers a counterfeit bill is liable to arrest and imprisonment."
 
"I hope you don't think I knew anything about it," said Ben alarmed.
 
"No; you look too honest to be a confederate of a scoundrel."
 
"He ought to be ashamed of himself to impose upon me," said Ben indignantly. "What shall I do?"
 
"Have you any other money?"
 
Ben produced a two-dollar bill.
 
"I will take pay out of this for your share of the dinner, and with your help I propose to arrest your companion."
 
The cashier briefly explained his plan. A policeman was summoned, and Ben was instructed to meet Smithson at the time appointed, and tender him the change.
 
He did so.
 
Smithson looked up eagerly as Ben approached.
 
"Have you got the change?" he asked.
 
"Yes," said Ben.
 
"Give it to me."
 
Ben drew fro his vest-pocket three dollars and sixty-five cents, with which he had been provided, and tendered them to the young man, who eagerly took them.
 
"Much obliged," said Smithson, looking elated at the supposed success of his plan.
 
Just then, a quiet-looking man, a detective in citizen's clothes, stepped up and laid his hand on the swindler's arm.
 
"Mr. Smithson, I want you."
 
"What for?" inquired Smithson, turning pale.
 
"For passing a counterfeit bill."
 
"I have passed no counterfeit," faltered Smithson.
 
"You employed this boy to do it for you."
 
"There's some mistake," said Smithson stammering. "You can't prove anything."
 
"With this boy's help we can. Don't trouble yourself to invent excuses. You have been suspected for some time."
 
"The boy lies," said Smithson fiercely.
 
"If he does it will be found out. Come along with me."
 
Much against his will, Smithson walked arm-in-arm with the detective. Ben was notified to be in attendance at court the next morning, at ten o'clock, to testify against his new friend.
 
"I am more of a greenhorn than I thought," Ben said to himself. "Who would have thought such a polite young man was a counterfeiter!"
 
About four o'clock Ben went up-town to Mr. Manning's boarding-house, and remained there till the merchant arrived.
 
Chapter XIII ！ A Curious Old Lady
 The next morning Mr. Manning introduced Ben to his temporary ward, a bright, attractive little girl, who seemed to take an instant fancy to our hero.
 
"Is he my brother?" she inquired of Mr. Manning.
 
"He is going to be your brother, if you like," was the smiling reply.
 
"I am glad of it," said the little girl, putting her hand confidingly in Ben's.
 
Ben was not much used to girls, never having had a sister, but it occurred to him that he should find it very pleasant to have Emma in the house.
 
"Are you willing to leave the city and go home with your new brother?" asked Mr. Manning.
 
"Yes," said Emma promptly. "When are we going?"
 
"This afternoon. You will sail on a big boat, and then ride on the cars. Shall you like that?"
 
"Ever so much," said Emma, clapping her hands. "You will take care of me, won't you?" appealing to Ben.
 
"Oh, yes, I'll take care of you," said Ben manfully.
 
"I think you had better go to Boston on the Fall River line," said Mr. Manning. "That will give you nearly all night on the boat, and you can have a comfortable night's rest. Indeed, I think you may as well remain on board till the half-past-six train starts. That will get you into Boston about nine o'clock, in time for a late breakfast. What time can you go to Milltown?"
 
"There is a train at half-past ten."
 
"That will answer very well. Now, if you will come down-town with me, I will engage passage for you."
 
Ben accompanied Mr. Manning to the office of the steamers, and passage tickets were obtained and paid for.
 
At four o'clock, Ben and his young charge were seated in the showy cabin of the immense Sound steamer which plies between New York and Fall River.
 
As the two were chatting, an old lady, evidently from the country, looked attentively at them. She was old and wrinkled, and, from time to time, took a pinch of snuff from a large snuff-box which she took from the pocket of her dress.
 
"What is your name, little gal?" she inquired at last.
 
"Emma," answered the child,
 
"Come and kiss me," said the old lady.
 
Emma surveyed the old lady critically, and answered bluntly, "I don't want to."
 
"Come and kiss me, and I'll give you the first cent I find on the currant bushes," said the old lady coaxingly.
 
"I don't want to," answered Emma again.
 
"Why don't you want to?" asked the old lady, with a wintery smile.
 
"'Cause you're old and ugly, and put snuff up your nose." answered Emma, who had not yet learned that the truth is not to be spoken at all times.
 
The old lady gasped with wrath and amazement.
 
"Well, I never did!" she exclaimed.
 
"Yes, you did," said Emma, understanding her to say that she never took snuff. "I saw you do it a minute ago."
 
"You are a bad, wicked little gal!" said the old lady, in high displeasure. "You're spoiled child."
 
"No, I ain't," said Emma, angry in turn. "Don't you let her call me names," she added, speaking to Ben.
 
Ben found it difficult not to laugh at the old lady's discomfiture; but he felt called upon to apologize for his young charge.
 
"I hope you'll excuse her, ma'am," he said. "She's only a little girl."
 
"How old is she?" asked the old lady abruptly.
 
"Five years old."
 
"Then she'd orter know better than to sass her elders," said the old lady snappishly. "She's badly brung up. Is she your sister?"
 
"No, ma'am."
 
"Is she any kin to you?"
 
"No; I'm her guardian."
 
The old lady adjusted her spectacles, and surveyed Ben from head to foot in a scrutinizing manner.
 
"Sho!" said she. "Why, you're a child yourself!"
 
"I'm fifteen," returned Ben, with dignity.
 
"You don't mean to say you have the care of the little gal?"
 
"At present I have."
 
"Ain't nobody else travelin' with you?"
 
"No, ma'am."
 
"Where are you goin?"
 
"To Milltown."
 
"Where's that?"
 
"In Massachusetts."
 
"Is she goin' to board with your folks?"
 
"Yes, ma'am."
 
"I'd like to have charge of her for a month. I'd make a different gal of her."
 
"I wouldn't go with you," said Emma.
 
"If you was bad, I'd whip you so you couldn't stand," said the old lady, her eyes snapping. "I've got a granddarter about as big as you; but she wouldn't dare to sass me the way you have."
 
"I'm glad you ain't my grandmother," said Emma. "I don't want a dirty grandmother like you."
 
"You mustn't talk so, Emma," said Ben, thinking it time to interfere.
 
"Talkin' won't do no good. She ought to be whipped," said the old lady, shaking her head and scowling at Emma.
 
"Don't you want to go on deck and see the steamer start?" asked Ben, as the only means of putting a stop to the irrepressible conflict between the old lady and his charge.
 
"Oh, yes; let us go up."
 
So they went on deck, where Emma was not a little interested at the varied sights that met her eye.
 
"Did you ever see such an ugly old woman, Ben?" asked Emma, when they had reached the top of the stairs.
 
"Hush, Emma! You must be more particular about what you say. You shouldn't have said anything about her taking snuff."
 
"But she does take it," insisted the little girl. "I saw her put it up her nose."
 
"That is nothing to us. She has a right to take it if she wants to."
 
"But she wanted me to kiss her. You wouldn't want to kiss her, Ben, would you?"
 
"No, I don't think I should," answered Ben, with an involuntary grimace. "You were right in refusing that."
 
Soon after the boat started they went down to the supper-room and got some supper. Mr. Manning having supplied Ben with sufficient funds to travel in a liberal manner. Just opposite them at the table sat the old lady, who shook her head frowningly at the free-spoken young lady. Ben was amused in watching her.
 
"I say, you, sir," she said, addressing the waiter, "bring me some tea and toast, and be quick about it, for I ain't had anything to eat since breakfast, and feel kinder gone, at the stomach.
 
"Please write your order, ma'am, on this paper," said the waiter.
 
"What's the use of writin it? Can't you remember?"
 
"Yes, but the bill has to be footed up at the desk."
 
"Well, I can't write it, for I ain't got my specs about me."
 
"Madam, I shall be happy to write for you," said Ben politely.
 
"I'm obleeged to you. I wish you would," she said.
 
"What shall I put down?"
 
"How much is a cup of tea?"
 
"Ten cents."
 
"It's awful high. It don't cost 'em more'n three cents."
 
"Shall I put it down?"
 
"Yes, I must have it. How much do they charge for toast?"
 
"Dry toast！ten cents."
 
"That's awful high, too. Why, you can git ten slices off a five-cent loaf, and they only bring you two or three. It costs a sight to travel."
 
"Cream toast！twenty cents," said Ben mischievously.
 
"What is the world comin' to?" exclaimed the old lady. "Twenty cents for cream toast! Like as not, it's skim-milk. Well, I guess you may put down dry toast."
 
"Shall I put down anything else?" asked Ben.
 
"How much do they charge for beefsteak?" inquired the old lady.
 
"Fifty cents."
 
"It's wicked shame!" she exclaimed indignantly. "They're a set of robbers, and I've a good mind to tell 'em so. You, sir"！to the waiter who came up at that moment！"what do you mean by askin' such shameful prices for your vittles?"
 
"I haven't anything to do with the prices, ma'am."
 
"I need some meat," said the old lady sternly, "but I won't buy any. I won't encourage you in your shameful swindlin'. I'll bear up as well as I can till I get home, though like as not I shall be faint."
 
The waiter took the written order, and brought the old lady's tea and toast. Ben ordered some steak, and, finding that more was brought than he needed, offered a piece to the old lady.
 
"Shan't I rob you?" asked the old lady, looking at the meat covetously.
 
"Not at all, ma'am. I've taken all I want."
 
"Then I don't keer if I do take a piece. I feel kinder faint, and meat goes to the right spot; but I wasn't going to pay any of their shameful prices."
 
The old lady ate the meat with evident relish, and an expression satisfaction, which arose partly from the reflection that she was gratifying her appetite without expense. She even regarded Emma with a softened expression, saying: "I forgive you, little gal, for what you said to me. You don't know no better. You must try to behave like the boy that's with you. He's a real polite boy."
 
"So he is," said Emma. "I like him ever so much."
 
Luckily she added nothing to kindle the old lady's resentment, and they rose from the table on good terms.
Chapter XIV ！ Prof. Crane, The Phrenologist
 After supper Ben and his young charge took their seats in the main salon. The passengers were grouped about the tables, many of them reading the New York evening papers. Among them Ben observed a tall man, wearing a full beard, and attired in a suit of rather rusty black, who presently sat down beside him. From his appearance Ben fancied that he might be a clergyman or a missionary.
 
"My young friend," said the stranger at length, "are you traveling to Boston?"
 
"Yes, sir."
 
"Ahem! Do you live in Boston?"
 
"No, sir; I live in Milltown, a manufacturing town."
 
"Did you ever have your head examined?"
 
Ben stared at the questioner in surprise.
 
"What should I have my head examined for?" he asked.
 
"I see you don't understand me," said the gentlemen of clerical appearance. "I am a phrenologist."
 
"Oh, yes, I understand," said Ben.
 
"I lecture on phrenology and examine heads, describing the character and prominent traits of my subjects on phrenological principles. For instance, I can readily tell by the help of my science your leading tendencies, and in what career you would be most likely to meet with success."
 
"I would like to know that myself," said Ben, becoming interested.
 
"My terms for an ordinary examination are twenty-five cents. For a written description I charge a dollar."
 
"If I had plenty of money," said Ben, "I wouldn't mind getting a written description."
 
"A dollar spent that way may save you hundreds of dollars, nay, perhaps thousands," said the phrenologist insinuatingly.
 
Ben shook his head.
 
"I haven't any money to spare," he said. "I have some money, but it was given to me to pay traveling expenses."
 
"Surely you can spare twenty-five cents," said the phrenologist. "You can remember what I say and write it down yourself afterward."
 
"So, I can," said Ben. "I guess I can afford a quarter; but where can we go?"
 
"Stay here," said Prof. Crane, for this was his self-chosen designation. "It will probably bring me other customers."
 
"I don't know," said Ben, looking about him doubtfully. "I don't think I should like to have all these people hear about me."
 
"You need not be afraid. You have a very good heard. Besides, it is no more public than at my lectures."
 
"All right then!"
 
"Move your chair forward a little. There, that is right."
 
Prof. Crane arose, and assumed the attitude of a speaker.
 
"Ladies and gentlemen," he commenced, after clearing his throat.
 
The gentlemen in the saloon looked up from their newspapers in some surprise at this unexpected interruption.
 
"Ladies and gentlemen, I am Prof. Crane, the phrenologist. I trust you will pardon the interruption if I publically examine the head of this young man, and describe his character as indicated by his phrenological development."
 
"Go on," said a stout gentlemen opposite. "It will help to pass the time."
 
"Thank you, sir. I trust that what I may say will not only help to pass the time, but lead you to reflect seriously upon the great importance of this science, and its claims upon your attention."
 
All eyes were turned upon Ben, who bore the ordeal very well.
 
"This lad has an excellent head. All the organs are well balanced, none being in great excess. His temperament is nervous-sanguine. Hope predominates with him. He will not be easily discouraged, but when he has an object in view he will pursue it perseveringly to the end. He is not quarrelsome, but will not allow himself to be trodden upon. He has plenty of courage. He is not bashful, but respectful to his elders and superiors. He is conscientious, and more likely to do right than wrong. Of course he might yield to temptation, but it would have to be a powerful one. He has a fondness for pets, and will be kind to younger children. He will find no pleasure in ill-treating or tyrannizing over them He has not much invention, and would make a poor machinist, but is likely to succeed in general business. He will probably be steady and reliable, and faithful to the interests of his employer."
 
This was the substance of Prof. Crane's description of our hero. Ben listened with satisfaction, feeling that it was a very good character indeed. He was sorry that some business man could not hear it, as it might lead him to offer him employment.
 
When the examination was over, Ben tendered the professor twenty-five cents in payment.
 
"Now," said the professor, looking around him, "is there any other lady or gentleman whose head I can examine, for the small sum of twenty-five cents? My usual terms are fifty cents, but as I am traveling, and this is out of office hours, I don't mind reducing the price for this occasion."
 
Among those present was a rustic couple, who appeared to be on a wedding trip. The bridegroom was dressed in a full suit of blue cloth, the coat being decorated with brass buttons, while the bride was resplendent in a dress brilliant in color and with large figures.
 
"Sally," said the young husband, "I want you to have your head examined. It only costs a quarter."
 
"Oh, Jonathan, how can I before all them folks?" said Sally bashfully. "Suppose he should say something bad about me."
 
"If he does, I'll bu'st his head," said Jonathan. "He can't say nothin' but what's good about you, Sally.
 
"All right, Jonathan, just as you say."
 
"My wife will have her head examined," said Jonathan, with a proud glance at his radiant bride.
 
"Please sit here, madam," said the professor. "Now I will trouble you to remove your bonnet."
 
"Don't tumble up my hair," said Sally solicitously.
 
"That will not be necessary," said Prof. Crane. "This lady has a very harmonious head."
 
"What's that?" inquired Sally, in a low voice, of Jonathan, who stood at her side.
 
"Something good, I reckon," whispered her husband.
 
"She has those sweet domestic virtues which fit the possessor to adorn the family circle and lend a luster to the home."
 
"How nice he talks!" murmured Sally, in a tone of gratification.
 
"Yes, Sally, he's smart," said Jonathan, "and can read you like a book."
 
"This lady has a great taste for music. She would be like to excel as a musician. Am I right, sir?"
 
"I guess you are," said Jonathan. "You'd ought to hear her sing in the choir to hum. She's got a powerful voice, Sally has. She can almost raise the rafters of the old meetin'-house."
 
"You see, ladies and gentlemen, that the husband of the lady confirms what I say of her. Phrenology never errs. A phrenologist is never mistaken in character. Nature has stamped her impress upon each one of us, and declares unmistakably what we are."
 
"Go ahead, professor," said Jonathan impatiently.
 
"The lady has a taste for strong and decided colors. What is showy attracts her admiration."
 
"That's so!" commented Jonathan.
 
"She has a good deal of firmness, and likes to have her own way; as most of use do," added the professor. "Still she would yield to strong persuasion."
 
It will be unnecessary to go farther in the examination which proved quite satisfactory to the young couple, and a source of amusement to the rest of the passengers.
 
Jonathan next submitted himself to the professor's skill, and was highly delighted in being told that he was fitted to shine in public life, and might hereafter become a member of Congress.
 
"I guess the folks at home will think more of me when they hear that," he remarked to Sally. "The professor has given us good characters."
 
"So he has. Do you think it's all true, Jonathan?"
 
"Of course it is. It's a wonderful science, Sally. I didn't know I had so many bumps."
 
"Nor I. I can't feel 'em myself."
 
"That's because you're not used to it. It takes the professor to do it."
 
Other subjects were forthcoming, and the professor cleared three dollars during the evening. He understood human nature well enough to flatter all, without absolutely contradicting the science of which he claimed to be the exponent.
Chapter XV ！ An Old Convert to Phrenology
 About eleven o'clock the steamer stopped. A dense fog had sprung up, which made it perilous to proceed. Ben, who was a novice in traveling, got up to see what was the matter. He was on his way back to the stateroom, when he encountered a strange figure. The old lady was wandering about in dishabille, looking thoroughly alarmed.
 
Recognizing Ben, she clutched his arm.
 
"What has happened?" she asked, in a hollow voice, "Is the ship sinkin'?"
 
"No, ma'am," answered Ben. "We have only stopped on account of the fog."
 
"Something may run into us," exclaimed the old lady. "Oh, dear! I wish I had never left home."
 
"You'd better go back to bed," said Ben soothingly. "There's no danger."
 
"No, I won't," said the old woman resolutely. "I'm not going to be drowned in my bed. I'll stay here till mornin'."
 
And she plumped down into an armchair, where she looked like an image of despair.
 
"Hadn't you better put on something more?" suggested Ben. "You may get cold."
 
"I'll put on my shawl and bunnit," said the old lady. "I can't sleep a wink. We shall be shipwrecked; I know we shall."
 
Whether the old lady kept her word, or not, Ben did not know. When he entered the saloon the next morning she was already up and dressed, looking haggard from want of sleep. Ben ascertained that the boat had started again about five o'clock, and would probably reach Fall River five or six hours late. This would make it necessary to take breakfast on board.
 
He imparted the news to the old lady.
 
"It's a shame," she said indignantly. "They did it a purpose to make us spend more money. I expected to eat breakfast at my son's house in Boston."
 
"We shall not probably reach Boston till noon, I hear."
 
"Then suppose I'll have to buy somethin' to stay my stomach. It's a shame. It costs a sight to travel."
 
"So it does," acquiesced Ben.
 
"They'd oughter give us our breakfast."
 
"I'm afraid they won't see it in that light."
 
The old lady went down to breakfast, and grudgingly paid out twenty cents more for tea and toast. She was in hopes Ben would get some meat and offer her a portion; but he, too, felt the necessity of being economical, and ordered something less expensive.
 
Prof. Crane attempted to renew his phrenological examinations, but could only obtain two subjects.
 
"Shan't I examine your head?' he asked insinuatingly of the old lady.
 
"No, you shan't," she answered tartly. "I don't want you pawing over me."
 
"Don't you want me to describe your character?"
 
"No, I don't. Like as not, you'd slander me."
 
"Oh, no, ma'am; I should only indicate, by an examination of your bumps, your various tendencies and proclivities."
 
"I don't believe I've got any bumps."
 
"Oh, yes, you have. We all have them. I shall only ask you twenty-five cents for an examination."
 
"I won't give it," said the old lady, resolutely clutching her purse, as if she feared a violent effort to dispossess her of it. "I can't afford it."
 
"It is a very small sum to pay for the knowledge of yourself."
 
"I guess I know myself better than you do," said the old lady, nodding her head vigorously. Then, yielding to an impulse of curiosity: "Say, mister, is it a pretty good business, examinin' heads?"
 
"It ought to be," answered the professor, "if the world were thoroughly alive to the importance of the noble science of phrenology."
 
"I don't see what use it is."
 
"Let me tell you, then, ma'am. You have doubtless employed servants that proved unworthy of your confidence."
 
The old lady assented.
 
"Now if you had employed a phrenologist to examine a servant's head before engaging her, he would have told you at once whether she was likely to prove honest and faithful, or the reverse."
 
"You don't say!" exclaimed the old lady, beginning to be impressed. "Well, that would be something, I declare. Now, there's Mirandy Jones, used to work for me！I'm almost certain she stole one of my best caps."
 
"To wear herself?" asked Ben demurely.
 
"No, she wanted it for her grandmother. I'm almost sure I saw it on the old woman's head at the sewin' circle one afternoon. Then, again, there was Susan Thompson. She was the laziest, sleepiest gal I ever see. Why, one day I went into the kitchen, and what do you think? There she stood, in the middle of the floor, leanin' her head over her broom fast asleep."
 
"In both these cases phrenology would have enabled you to understand their deficiencies, and saved you from hiring them."
 
Here a gentlemen whispered to Prof. Crane: "Offer to examine the old woman's head for nothing. I will see you are paid."
 
The professor was not slow in taking the hint.
 
"Madam," said he, "as my time just now isn't particularly valuable, I don't mind examining your head for nothing."
 
"Will you?" said the old lady. "Well, you're very polite and oblegin'. You may, if you want to."
 
Prof. Crane understood that a joke was intended, and shaped his remarks accordingly.
 
"This lady," he commenced, "is distinguished for her amiable disposition." Here there was a smile visible on several faces, which, luckily, the old lady didn't see. "At the same time, she is always ready to stand up for her rights, and will not submit to be imposed upon."
 
"You're right there, mister," interjected the old lady, "as my son-in-law will testify. He tried to put upon me; but I soon let him know that I knew what was right, and meant to have it.
 
"My subject has a good taste for music, and would have been a superior performer if her talent had been cultivated. But her practical views would hardly have permitted her to spend much time in what is merely ornamental. She is a good housekeeper, and I may venture to remark that she understands cooking thoroughly."
 
The old lady！so potent is flattery！really began to look amiable.
 
"I wish old Miss Smith could hear you," she interrupted. "She's a vain, conceited critter, and purtends she can cook better than I can. If I couldn't make better pies that she had the last time the sewin' circle met at her house, I'd give up cookin', that's all."
 
"You see, gentlemen and ladies," said the professor, looking about him gravely, "how correct are the inductions of science. All that I have said thus far has been confirmed by my subject, who surely ought to know whether I am correct or not."
 
"This lady," he proceeded, "is fitted to shine in society.  Her social
 sphere may have been limited by circumstances; but had her lot
been cast in the shining circles of fashion, her natural grace and
refinement would have enabled her to embellish any position to
which she might have been called."
The contrast between the old lady's appearance and the words of Prof. Crane was so ludicrous that Ben and several others with difficulty, kept their countenances. But the old lady listened with great complacency.
 
"I wish my granddarter would hear you," she said. "She's a pert little thing, that thinks she knows more than her grandmother. I've often told my darter she ought to be more strict with her; but it don't do no good."
 
"It's the way with the young, madam. They cannot appreciate the sterling qualities of their elders."
 
When the examination was concluded, the old lady expressed her faith in phrenology.
 
"I never did believe in't before," she admitted, "but the man described me just as if he know'd me all my life. Railly, it's wonderful."
 
Prof. Crane got his money, and with it the favor of the old lady to whom he had given such a first-class character. Her only regret was that her friends at home could not have heard him.
 
About one o'clock in the afternoon the long journey was at an end, and Ben and his young charge descended from the train in the South Terminal, in Boston.
Chapter XVI ！ Ben's Loss
 It has already been mentioned that there was a train to Milltown at half-past ten in the morning. Of course Ben was too late for this. He ascertained, however, that there was another train at five o'clock, and this he resolved to take.
 
"Where are we going, Ben?" asked Emma, as they stepped out of the station.
 
"Don't you feel hungry, Emma?"
 
"Yes."
 
"Then we will go and have some dinner, first of all."
 
This proposal was satisfactory to the little girl, who took Ben's hand and walked up toward Washington Street with him.
 
On School Street they found an eating-house which did not appear too high in price, and Ben led Emma in.
 
They seated themselves at a table, and ordered dinner. Just opposite sat a pleasant-looking man, of middle age. He was fond of children, and his attention was drawn to little Emma.
 
"Is that your sister?" he inquired of Ben.
 
"No, sir," answered Ben.
 
"No relation?"
 
"No, sir; she is from New York. She is going to board with my aunt."
 
"Does your aunt live in Boston?"
 
"No, sir; in Milltown."
 
"Has the young lady come into the city on a shopping excursion?" inquired the new acquaintance, smiling.
 
"No, sir; she is just on her way from New York. I went to fetch her."
 
"You are a young guardian."
 
"Rather, sir; but there was no one else to go for her."
 
"How old are you?"
 
"Fifteen."
 
"Are you attending school?"
 
"No, sir; I should be glad to do so; but my aunt is not in good circumstances, and I have to work. I have been employed in the mills, but they discharged some of their hands lately, and I was among them."
 
"How would you like to come to Boston to work?"
 
"Very much."
 
"I may some time have a vacancy for you. I am a wholesale stationer on State Street. Give me your address, and if I have any opening I will write to you."
 
"Thank you, sir," said Ben; "I should like very much to work here."
 
Ben took the stranger's card, from which he learned that his name was Otis Johnson, and that he dealt in stationery, blank books, diaries, and a similar line of goods.
 
"This may lead to something," thought Ben. "I should enjoy living in Boston. There is a good deal more going on here than in Milltown."
 
It was about quarter of two when Ben and Emma rose from the table.
 
"What are we going to do now?" asked Emma.
 
Ben considered.
 
"The train doesn't start till five," he said. "We won't go to the station yet, for we should get tired of waiting. We will walk about, and look into the shop windows, unless you are tired."
 
"I am not tired. I should like it," said Emma.
 
Presently they came to the old State House. Ben's attentions was attracted by a Charleston car. He knew that Bunker Hill Monument was in Charleston, and it struck him that it would be a good opportunity to go and see it.
 
"Does this car go to Bunker Hill Monument?" he inquired.
 
"Yes," said the conductor. "It goes within two minutes' walk of it."
 
"How long does it take to go there?"
 
"Twenty minutes."
 
Ben reflected that the train did not start till five o'clock, and that there would be plenty of time for the excursion. He did not know when he would have another chance, and resolved to avail himself of this.
 
He helped Emma to board the car, and got on himself.
 
"I like to ride in electric cars, Ben," said Emma.
 
"So do I, Emma. Do you know what we are going to see?"
 
"What is it?"
 
"A great stone monument, five times as high as a house."
 
"What is a monument?"
 
Ben explained to her.
 
"Does anybody live in it?" asked the little girl.
 
"No, I don't think it would be a very pleasant place to live in."
 
"What did they build it for, then?"
 
Ben explained that a great battle had been fought on the hill where the monument stood.
 
"Do they fight any battles there now, Ben?" asked Emma, in some apprehension.
 
"Why? Are you afraid of getting killed?"
 
"Yes."
 
"There is no danger. It is over a hundred years since there was any fighting there."
 
Just then the car stopped, and a new passenger got on and sat down just opposite Ben and his young charge. Ben did not take special notice of her, and was surprised to hear a familiar voice.
 
"I declare, if it ain't the little gal,"
 
Looking up, he recognized the old lady, his fellow passenger.
 
"How do you do, ma'am?" he said.
 
"Putty well. Where be you goin'?"
 
"Over to Bunker Hill."
 
"I'm goin' to Charleston, myself. My son is away with his wife, and I'm goin' over to stay with my niece till he comes back. How do you do, little gal?"
 
"Pretty well," said Emma.
 
"You don't know me, do you?"
 
It was an unfortunate question.
 
"Yes, I do. You're the lady that takes snuff," said Emma.
 
Some of the passengers tittered, and the old lady turned red in the face.
 
"Well, I never did!" she exclaimed, in mortification. "You're a bad-behaved little gal."
 
"She didn't mean to offend you, ma'am," said Ben. "She's very young."
 
"She's old enough to behave. Children didn't use to sass their elders like they do now. If one of my children was to behave so, I'd shut 'em up in a dark closet for twenty-four hours, with only dry bread to eat."
 
The old lady shook her head vigorously, and glared at Emma over the top of her spectacles. It was just as well, perhaps, that Emma was absorbed in looking out of the window, and did not listen to what the old lady was saying. Being a high-spirited and free-spoken young woman, she would have been likely to reply, and that would have made matters worse.
 
The ride was not a long one, for but a narrow bridge separates Boston proper from the historic town of Charleston.
 
"You get out here," said the conductor. "Go up that street to the monument."
 
Ben could see the great stone pillar standing up against the sky in plain sight, and he ascended the hilly street toward it.
 
"That is the monument, Emma," he said.
 
"It looks like a big chimney," said Emma; "only chimneys are made of brick."
 
"It would take a big house to need such a chimney as that," said Ben.
 
They reached the top of the hill, and stood beside the monument, which looked immensely tall, now that they were close to it.
 
"This is where Warren fell," said Ben, repeating to himself a piece of information which he had heard.
 
"Did he fall?" inquired Emma.
 
"Oh, no; he was killed in the battle here."
 
"Are you going to ascend the monument?" asked a gentleman who had come up the hill another way.
 
"I didn't know you could," said Ben.
 
"There is a spiral staircase inside. Most visitors ascend it. There is a splendid view from the top."
 
"I should think there would be."
 
"Will you go? I think of going, and would like your company."
 
"No, I guess not," said Ben. "It would be too much for Emma. She is only a little girl, and could not stand the fatigue."
 
"I wouldn't dare to go up so high, Ben," said Emma timidly.
 
Here a well-dressed lady, who had heard the discussion said: "If you would like to go up, young man, I will take care of the little girl till you come down. Will you stay with me, my dear?"
 
She smiled pleasantly, and Emma's confidence was won.
 
"Yes, Ben, I will stay with her," she said; "only don't be gone too long."
 
Ben hesitated. He wanted to go up, and was not sure when he would have another opportunity. He could see no reason to doubt that Emma would be entirely safe under the care of the stranger.
 
"I don't like to give you so much trouble," said Ben.
 
"It will be no trouble," said the lady politely. "I am fond of children."
 
It was twenty-five minutes before Ben descended. He looked for Emma, and his heart gave a great bound of dismay.
 
Neither Emma nor the lady was to be seen.
Chapter XVII ！ The Strange Captor
 This was what had happened.
 
When Ben was fairly on his way up the monument, the lady addressed Emma.
 
"My dear," she said, "are you fond of candy?"
 
"Ever so much," said Emma.
 
"Suppose we go to a candy store and get some?"
 
"But I don't want to leave Ben," said the little girl.
 
"Oh, we will be back before he returns," said the lady. "Will you come?"
 
"If you are certain sure you will be back in time."
 
"Oh, yes, my dear."
 
The lady's manner was so kind that Emma felt entire confidence in her promise.
 
"Yes, I will go."
 
They walked down the hill in a different direction from that which they had come up. This brought them to a street on which were some shops. The lady entered one, leading Emma by the hand.
 
"Give us one half-pound of assorted candy," she said.
 
The girl behind the counter weighed out the candy and handed it to her.
 
They left the shop.
 
"Now are we going back to Ben?" asked Emma.
 
"I have sent word to him to come to my house and take supper, my dear child. Come with me, and you will see him soon."
 
How should Emma know that this was not true? She was a little girl, with no experience of the world, accustomed to put confidence in those she met, and the lady was very kind in her manner.
 
"Is your home far off?" she asked.
 
"No, it is quite near."
 
This proved to be true.
 
The lady turned up a street lined with neat dwellings and rang the bell.
 
A servant answered the bell.
 
"Is it you, mum?" she said.
 
"Yes, Jane."
 
Jan looked inquiringly at the little girl, and was on the point of asking who she was; but she knew her mistress was peculiar and said nothing.
 
"This little girl will stay to tea," said the lady. "Put on an extra plate."
 
"Yes, ma'am."
 
"And isn't Ben coming, too?" asked Emma, noting the omission.
 
"Yes, Jan, you may put on two extra plates."
 
Emma followed her new acquaintance up-stairs, and was led into a neat bedchamber. The lady entered it, bade Emma enter, locked the door, and then, sinking on the floor before the astonished child, exclaimed with evident emotion: "Have I found you at last, my dear, dear child?"
 
Emma was startled at the lady's tone, and for the fist time felt alarmed.
 
"I ain't your child," she said. "What makes you call me so?"
 
"Are you not my dear little Mary?" said the lady.
 
"No, my name isn't Mary. My name is Emma."
 
"Did they change your name, my dear child? Was it not enough to take you away from me, without changing your name?"
 
"I don't know what you mean," said Emma, ore and more alarmed. "I want to go back to Ben."
 
"Would you leave your mother, my child?"
 
"You are not my mother. Let me go."
 
Emma ran to the door, but it was locked, and the key was in the lady's pocket.
 
"I cannot let you go, my dear child. You have been away from me too long already. I have been very lonely without you."
 
Her tone was still kind！it had never varied！but Emma was thoroughly frightened.
 
"Let me go!" she began to cry. "I want to go to Ben."
 
The lady looked at her in mingled grief and wonder.
 
"Can a child turn from her own mother to a stranger?" she said musingly. "She forgets that she is my little Mary. She no longer loves me."
 
"My name is Emma," said the little girl. "Why did you take me away from Ben?"
 
Help was at hand, though it came from a stranger.
 
A knock was heard at the door, and the lady rose and opened it. The newcomer was a little younger than the lady already mentioned, but bore such a resemblance to her as to indicate that she was her sister. She looked at surprise at Emma.
 
"Where did you get this child, Clara?" she asked.
 
"It is my little Mary. Don't you see that it is?"
 
"You are mistaken, Clara. Your little Mary is in heaven."
 
"She has come back again. This is she. Don't you see that it is she?" asked the lady called Clara earnestly.
 
"My poor sister," said the younger lady compassionately, "you are mistaken. This is not your little Mary. Where did you find her? To whom does she belong?"
 
Emma had listened to this conversation with interest, feeling that it concerned her. She answered the question herself.
 
"I belong to Ben," she said.
 
"Where is Ben?" asked the younger lady.
 
"He is at the big stone chimney. He was going up to the top. He left me with her."
 
"You mean the monument, don't you, my dear child?"
 
"Yes, ma'am."
 
"Is this true, Clara?"
 
"Yes," the elder sister admitted.
 
The younger lady looked perplexed.
 
"You did wrong, Clara, to take the little girl from her brother. He will feel very anxious about her.
 
"She said she would buy me some candy," said Emma.
 
"Could I see my child, and not claim her?" said Clara.
 
"I am not your child. What makes her say I am her child?"
 
"My dear," said the younger lady gently, "my poor sister lost her little girl not long since. She has not been well since. When she saw you to-day she thought you were her little Mary."
 
"I want to go back to Ben. What will Ben say?"
 
"Certainly, you must go back to your brother. Come, my child, we will try to find him."
 
Emma went down-stairs with her new friend. Clara did not attempt to hinder her, but seated herself with an air of dependency in an armchair, and buried her face in her hands.
 
"I am afraid Ben has gone away," said Emma.
 
"It is very perplexing," said the young lady to herself. "We will go out and try to find your brother. If we cannot, you can tell me where your home is and I will take you there."
 
"I don't know exactly where it is," said Emma; "I have never been there. I came from New York. I am going to board with Ben's aunt."
 
"And you don't know where she lives? You don't know the name of the town."
 
Emma shook her head.
 
"My poor sister has done great mischief," said the young lady gravely. "I must do my best to remedy it."
 
They went out into the street together.
 
Meanwhile, Ben, in great trouble of mind, remained in the neighborhood of the monument for ten minutes or more.
 
"Perhaps the lady has taken Emma on a little walk," he thought. "Perhaps she thought I wouldn't be down so soon."
 
Ben felt that it was very inconsiderate, but he would not at first believe that there was anything really wrong. But when ten minutes has passed he became alarmed, and began to blame himself.
 
"Aunt was right," he thought. "I wasn't fit to be trusted with the care of a little girl. What shall I say to Mr. Manning? What shall I do?"
 
He looked about him in despairing bewilderment. Streets radiated from the monument in several different directions. Which should he take? If he took any, there was not more than one chance in four that it would prove the right one.
 
He was still standing there when the gentleman who had gone up with him descended.
 
"Where is the little girl?" he asked.
 
Ben explained his trouble.
 
"Don't be alarmed, my boy," said the gentleman, in a tone of sympathy; "I will help you. Sooner or later we shall hear of the child."
 
"What shall I do?" asked Ben.
 
"It is possible the child may be brought back. I will remain here to receive her if she comes, and you may go and search for her. Come back in about half-an-hour."
 
Ben started on his quest, and with feverish haste he explored street after street, but in vain. With sad heart he retraced his steps to the monument. What was his joy to find Emma returned, and in charge of the gentleman he had left behind and another lady.
 
An explanation was given, to which Ben paid little attention, such was his joy at the recovery of his young charge.
 
"What time is it, sir?" he inquired of his companion.
 
"Five minutes to five."
 
"Then we are too late for the train," exclaimed Ben, in dismay.
Chapter XVIII ！ The Envelope
 "What train?" asked the gentleman.
 
"The five-o'clock train to Milltown."
 
"Is that the last train?"
 
"Yes, sir."
 
"You will have to wait till to-morrow. Will it make much difference?"
 
Ben blushed.
 
"I shall have to stay at a hotel," he said uncomfortably, "and I don't think I have money enough. I did not expect to have that expense."
 
"I can relieve you on that score," said the gentleman. "I live in Charleston, not far away. You shall stay at my house to-night, and go home by the morning train. There is a morning train, isn't there?"
 
"Yes, sir, at half-past ten."
 
"You will accept my invitation?"
 
"Yes, sir, and thank you," said Ben gratefully. "I don't know what I should have done if you had not invited me."
 
"I am glad to have the opportunity of doing you a kindness. I want to send you away with a good impression of Charleston."
 
It was a handsome house to which Ben was led by his new friend. His wife received the two children with unaffected kindness, and soon made them feel at home. During the evening Mr. Somerby, for this was his name, drew out of Ben the particulars of his history and present position. Ben seemed so frank and manly that he was quite pleased with him.
 
Mr. Somerby was not in business, unless he may be called a capitalist. He was the possessor of a large fortune, and the care of his property required a considerable share of his time. When Ben was ready to go the next morning, Mr. Somerby put an envelope into his hand.
 
"Don't open this till you get home," he said.
 
"No, sir."
 
"Now, good-by, and good luck to you."
 
"Thank you, sir."
 
Meanwhile Mrs. Bradford at home was feeling anxious. Old Mrs. Perkins had dropped in to make a call, and her conversation wasn't reassuring.
 
"Hasn't Ben got back?" she asked.
 
"Not yet."
 
"There's a great risk in sendin' a boy so fur," said the old lady.
 
"Do you think so?" asked Mrs. Bradford uneasily.
 
"To be sure I do. He's too young."
 
"That's what I thought; but Ben was very sure he could get along."
 
"Boys is allus confident," said Mrs. Perkins, whose knowledge of grammar was not very profound; "but I never knew one that you could rely on."
 
"Benjamin is a good boy."
 
"Yes, he's a good boy as boys go; but don't you trust him too fur. When did you expect him back?"
 
"I expected him last night."
 
"And he didn't come? Just as I thought."
 
Mrs. Perkins nodded her head vigorously, and looked unutterably wise.
 
"Maybe the cars is gone off the track," said the old lady.
 
"Oh, don't say such things, Mrs. Perkins," said Mrs. Bradford uneasily.
 
"I didn't say they had, but we're havin' a dreffle number of accidents nowadays."
 
"Ben is all right," said Tony, thinking he ought to defend his cousin. "He said when he went away, he'd come home right side up with care."
 
"Little boys should be seen and not heard," said Mrs. Perkins.
 
"'Always be prepared for the worst.' That's my motto."
 
"And my motto is 'Wait and Hope!'" said a familiar voice outside the door.
 
"It's Ben!" exclaimed Tony joyfully.
 
The door was thrown open and there stood Ben, with little Emma's hand in his.
 
"Aunt Jane," he said, "here's little Emma, come to live with you."
 
"My dear, I am very glad to see you," said Mrs. Bradford.
 
Emma looked in her gentle face, and liked her at once.
 
"Will you be my aunt, too?" she asked.
 
"Yes, my dear."
 
"Tony, come here and be introduced," said Ben.
 
Tony was bashful at first, but it was not very long before he and Emma were merrily playing together.
 
"So you're railly back, Benjamin?" said old Mrs. Perkins, rather disappointed.
 
"Yes, ma'am. How's James?"
 
"Loafin' round, as usual," said his affectionate relative. "Boys are so shiftless."
 
"They may be," admitted Ben good-naturedly, "but they get hungry sometimes. Aunt Jane, is there anything to eat in the house?"
 
"I will set the table at once," said his aunt. "The little girl must be hungry, too."
 
"You're undertakin' a great responsibility, Mrs. Bradford," said Mrs. Perkins. "The little girl will be a great care to you."
 
"I don't look upon it in that light," said Mrs. Bradford. "I am glad to have her here."
 
"Humph! You will talk different a month from now. But I must be goin'."
 
After dinner Ben bethought himself of the envelope which Mr. Somerby had given him.
 
He opened it, when a bank-note dropped to the floor. Picking it up, he saw, to his amazement, that it was a fifty-dollar bill. With sparkling eyes he read the letter, or rather these few lines which were penciled on a half-sheet of note paper:
 
"I have been interested in your story, and beg your acceptance
of the enclosed as a slight help and encouragement.  Should you ever
need advice or assistance, I shall be glad to have you call upon me."
                               "Frederic Somerby"
"What do you think of that, Aunt Jane?" said Ben in a tone of exultation. "Hasn't my motto worked pretty well, after all? Isn't it better to 'Wait and Hope' than to give up and get discouraged?"
 
"Yes, Ben, I begin to think you are right."
 
"We are better off than when I was at work in the factory."
 
"Yes, Ben; we can get along very comfortably."
 
"I have been thinking, aunt, that while business continues dull I will go to school. This money I will put in a savings-bank, and we shall have it to fall back upon if we need it."
 
This plan met with Mrs. Bradford's approval, and was carried out by Ben. When he returned from the savings-bank, with his book in his hand, he felt like a capitalist. In fact, he was so cheerful that his aunt caught the infection, and looked brighter than she had for years.
 
"It is pleasant to have money in the bank," she said to old Mrs. Perkins.
 
"Like as not the bank will break," said the old lady.
 
"I see an account last week of a savin's-bank that failed. I wouldn't trust any of 'em."
 
"Mrs. Perkins," said Ben, with mock gravity, "I heard last week of a man who died in his bed. I'd never go to bed if I were you."
 
"It aint' well to joke," said the old lady. "Always be prepared for the worst."
 
"That isn't my motto," said Ben. "As long as I live I mean to 'Wait and Hope'!"
Chapter XIX ！ The Prize for Scholarship
 The annual examination of the grammar schools in Milltown came about the middle of June, just before summer vacation. It the First Ward School two prizes had been offered by the principal to the scholars who stood highest on the rank-lists.
 
Speculation was rife as to the probable result; but the choice was finally narrowed down to two boys.
 
One of these was Ben Bradford, now sixteen years of age. The other was Samuel Archer, son of the superintendent of the Milton Mills. There is an old saying, "Like father, like son." Mr. Archer was purse-proud and consequential, and felt that he was entitled to deference on the score of his wealth and prominence.
 
"Sam," said he, two days before the examination, "what are your chances of obtaining the prize?"
 
"I think I ought to have it, father," answered Sam.
 
"That is, you think you will be entitled to it?"
 
"Yes sir."
 
"Then you will get it, as a matter of course."
 
"I don't know that."
 
"Don't you think the prize will be adjudged fairly?"
 
"The principal thinks a great deal of Ben Bradford."
 
"Is he your chief competitor?"
 
"He is the only boy I am afraid of."
 
"Who is he?"
 
"He is a poor boy！used to work in the mills."
 
"He is the nephew of the Widow Bradford?"
 
"Yes; he lives in a small house about the size of a bandbox.  I expect
 they are as poor as poverty.  Ben wears coarse clothes.  I don't
believe he has a new suit a year."
"And you have too many. I believe your bill for clothes exceeds mine."
 
"Oh, father, you want your son to dress well. People know you are a rich man and they expect it."
 
"Humph! it may be carried too far," said Mr. Archer, who had just paid a large tailor's bill for Sam.
 
"And you say the principal favors him?"
 
"Yes, everybody can see it."
 
"It is rather strange he should favor a penniless boy," said Mr. Archer, himself a worshiper of wealth. "The man don't know on which side his bread is buttered."
 
"So I think. He ought to consider that you are a man of consequence here."
 
"I rather think I have some influence in Milltown," said Mr. Archer, with vulgar complacency; "I fancy I could oust Mr. Taylor from his position if I caught him indulging in favoritism. But you may be mistaken, Sam."
 
Mr. Archer looked thoughtful.
 
Finally he said: "I think it will be well to pay some attention to Mr. Taylor. It may turn the scale. When you go to school to-morrow I will send by you an invitation to Mr. Taylor to dine with us. We'll give him a good dinner and get him good-natured."
 
So when Sam went to school in the morning he bore a note from his father, containing a dinner invitation.
 
"Say to your father that I will accept his invitation with pleasure," said the principal.
 
It was the first time he had received such a mark of attention from Mr. Archer, and, being a shrewd man, he understood at once what it signified.
 
"He's coming, father," announced Sam, on his return home.
 
"Did he seem gratified by the invitation?"
 
"I couldn't tell exactly. He said he would accept with pleasure."
 
"No doubt, he feels the attention," said Mr. Archer pompously. "He knows I am a man of prominence and influence, and the invitation will give him social status."
 
Mr. Archer would have been offended if he had been told that the principal was more highly respected in town than himself, in spite of his wealth and fine house.
 
When the principal sat down to Mr. Archer's dinner table, he partook of a dinner richer and more varied than his modest salary enabled him to indulge in at home. Nevertheless, he had more than once been as well entertained by others, and rather annoyed Mr. Archer by not appearing to appreciate the superiority of the dinner.
 
"Confound the man! He takes it as coolly as if he were accustomed to dine as sumptuously every day," thought Archer.
 
"I hope you are enjoying dinner, Mr. Taylor," he said.
 
"Very much, thank you."
 
"I rather plume myself on my cook. I venture to say that I pay five dollars a month more than any other person in Milltown. But I must have a good dinner. I am very particular on that score."
 
"Have you a good cook, Mr. Taylor?" asked Mrs. Archer condescendingly.
 
"Why, the fact is, that we keep but one servant."
 
"I suppose your salary will not permit you to keep more than one servant."
 
"You are right, madam."
 
"Really, Mr. Taylor, I think your salary ought to be increased," said Mr. Archer graciously. "The laborer is worthy of his hire, eh? I must see if I can't induce the town to vote you an increased compensation."
 
"Thank you," said the principal quietly. "A larger salary would, of course, be acceptable, but I doubt whether the town will feel like voting it."
 
"Rest easy," said Mr. Archer pompously. "I think I can bring it about."
 
"Oh, by the by," continued the rich man, "Samuel tells me that you have offered two scholarship prizes."
 
"Yes, sir！to the two scholars who pass the best examination."
 
"How does my boy stand in the matter?"
 
"He is one of the most prominent competitors."
 
"I am very glad to hear it！very glad. Sam, you must do your best to-morrow. It would gratify me very much if you should succeed. I am ambitious for my son, Mr. Taylor, and I don't mind admitting it."
 
"Your ambition is a very natural one," said the principal. "Sam's scholarship is excellent and his record is very satisfactory."
 
"Thank you, Mr. Taylor. Your assurance is deeply gratifying to Mrs. Archer and myself. It will be the happiest day of our lives if Sam succeeds in the approaching competition."
 
"He has a very fair chance of success, sir."
 
"I think I've fixed things," said Mr. Archer complacently, after the principal had taken his leave. "The prize is as good as yours, Sam."
 
Chapter XX ！ Before the Battle
 Ben's term at school had already extended to eight months. Our hero was thorough in whatever he did, and, having an excellent natural capacity, easily took high rank as a scholar.
 
"Do you expect to win the prize, Ben?" asked his friend, James Watson.
 
"I hope to win it," said Ben.
 
"So does Sam Archer."
 
"I suppose it lies between us two, unless you step in and carry it off," added Ben, smiling, for he knew that James, who was low in rank, was not at all sensitive on the subject.
 
"Make yourself easy, Ben; I won't interfere with you. You are my friend, you know, and for your sake I will answer a few questions wrong."
 
"You always were considerate, James. You have relieved my mind of a load of anxiety."
 
"Don't mention it, Ben. I shan't feel the sacrifice."
 
"You are a good fellow, at any rate, James, and that is more than I can say for Sam Archer."
 
"He thinks an awful lot of himself."
 
"He can't forget that his father is superintendent of the mill."
 
"By the way, Ben, what are you intending to do in vacation."
 
"I shall try to get employment in the mill again. I have been idle nearly a year now."
 
"Your aunt has been getting along very well."
 
"Yes; thanks to the seven dollars a week received for Emma's board. But I don't like to feel that she is supporting the family. I think it is high time for me to be at work."
 
"Ben, I've been thinking of something."
 
"Out with it, James."
 
"Sam Archer will be very much disappointed if you take the prize over him."
 
"He doesn't love me overmuch now."
 
"I am afraid he will prejudice his father against you, so as to induce him to refuse you employment in the mill."
 
"Do you think he would be as mean as that?"
 
"Do I think so? I know it. Sam Archer is mean enough for anything."
 
"He has just as good a chance as I have."
 
"He told one of the boys you were Mr. Taylor's pet. He will say the prize was give to you on account of favoritism."
 
"Will anybody believe it?"
 
"No one except Sam's special friends. I think Mr. Taylor does like you. That reminds me, where do you think Mr. Taylor is to-night?"
 
"I don't know, I am sure."
 
"He is dining at Mr. Archer's."
 
"That's something new, isn't it?"
 
"Mr. Archer is trying to curry favor with the principal for Sam."
 
"Then he doesn't know him very well. Mr. Taylor will decide justly, at any rate."
 
"Do you want very much to go back to the mill, Ben?"
 
"Yes."
 
"Then the best thing you can do is to let Sam beat you. That will make him good-natured and you will probably get a place."
 
"I shan't resign the prize. I shall do my best to obtain it. If that loses me employment in the mill, I will go in search of employment elsewhere."
 
"I like your pluck, Ben."
 
"I am willing to wait and I expect to win in the end."
 
"Well, good luck to you, Ben. My supper is ready, and I must go home."
 
The more Ben thought it over, the more he felt that James was probably correct in his prediction as to the effect of his success.
 
"I am determined to beat Sam," he said to himself. The next morning he entered the schoolroom cool and confident, while Sam, though rather nervous, seemed almost equally confident.
 
"Mr. Taylor won't go back on me," he reflected, "after dining at our house; especially after father has promised to get him a higher salary."
 
The examination lasted all the session. It was partly oral and partly written.
 
"Boys," said the principal, "I shall devote the evening to the examination of your papers. To-morrow morning my decision will be made known."
 
"I wish it were over," thought Sam. "I think he'll give me the prize, but I should like to be sure of it."
 
Chapter XXI ！ Ben Wins at School
 Every boy was in his seat the next morning at the opening of school. Though the choice lay between two only, there was a general interest felt in the result of the competition. Ben was the favorite, though Sam had a few followers！generally sycophantic boys who had a respect for wealth, or had favors to ask of him.
 
"Boys," said the principal, "I sat up till twelve o'clock last evening, examining your papers. I have not only ascertained who are entitled to the two prizes, but I have made a list of the ten highest scholars, with their percentages. I am glad to say that many of you have done well, and I regret that I have not more prizes to bestow. I will now announce the names of the prize boys."
 
"First prize！Benjamin Bradford." "Second prize！Sam Archer."
 
The boys applauded noisily.
 
"Bradford's percentage," continued the principal, "is ninety-nine and eight-tenths; Archer's, ninety-seven and nine-tenths. Both are very high and I heartily congratulate both young gentlemen upon their brilliant success. Bradford, you may come up to the desk."
 
Mr. Taylor placed in his hands a neat edition of Longfellow's poems.
 
"Thank you, sir," said Ben.
 
The boys again applauded.
 
"Archer, you may come up," said the principal.
 
Sam rose slowly, and with a discontented look shuffled up to the desk. An edition of Tennyson's poems was handed to him. He received them without a word of thanks and hurried back to his seat.
 
There was no applause in his case.
 
This was the last day of school, and the session lasted but an hour and a half. At half-past ten the boys poured out of the schoolhouse with noisy demonstrations of joy.
 
"I congratulate you, old fellow," said James Watson to Ben. "You've done splendidly."
 
"Thank you, James."
 
"So do I, and I," exclaimed one and another.
 
Ben received all these congratulations modestly.
 
"Go and congratulate Sam, boys," he said.
 
"A good scholar, but a mean boy," said James. "However, here goes."
 
"I congratulate you on your prize, Sam," he said offering his hand.
 
Sam did not appear to see the hand.
 
"A second prize isn't worth having," he said discontentedly. "Of course it was all I had a chance for. Bradford is the teacher's favorite."
 
"Do you mean to say Ben don't deserve the first prize?"
 
"He was sure to get it, anyhow."
 
"That's mean in you to speak so, Sam."
 
"It's what I think, at any rate."
 
"Well, Sam," said his father, as he entered his presence, "how is it?"
 
"Just as I expected, father. Old Taylor gave the first prize to his favorite, Ben Bradford."
 
"After all the attention I have paid that man, it is positively outrageous to defraud you of your rights."
 
"You won't have his salary increased now, will you, father?"
 
"I'll do what I can to have the man discharged."
 
"There's a favor I want to ask of you, father."
 
"What is it, my son?"
 
"I hear that Ben Bradford is going to seek employment in the mill, now that school is over; I hope you'll refuse to take him on."
 
"I will. His prize will cost him dear."
 
"Would you have given him employment if I had beaten him for the prize?"
 
"Yes; business has revived, and we have decided to take on some extra hands, giving preference to those who have formerly been in our employ."
 
"Then I will be revenged, at any rate," said Sam.
 
Chapter XXII ！ Sam's Revenge
 Now that vacation had fairly commenced, Ben thought he had better make application for employment at the mills. It was generally understood that business had improved and that new hands were to be taken on.
 
On the morning succeeding the award of prizes, Ben presented himself at the office of the superintendent.
 
After awhile the great man arrived. He nodded patronizingly to the applicants for employment. He saw Ben in the number and his small soul was rejoiced, for he meant to humiliate him.
 
He summoned one and another to a conference, engaging such as were old hands.
 
Ben began to look hopeful. He, too, had experience.
 
At last Mr. Archer beckoned to him to approach.
 
"What do you wish?" he demanded.
 
"I should like employment at the mills," said Ben.
 
"Have you been in my employ before?"
 
"Yes, sir."
 
Mr. Archer opened a thick folio volume which lay upon the desk, and appeared to be looking for something, which he found at last.
 
"I can't employ you," he said coldly.
 
"Why not, sir?"
 
"Because your record is not good."
 
Ben's eyes flashed with proper indignation.
 
"I don't understand, sir," he said, in a dignified tone.
 
"It strikes me that my language is plain."
 
"What complaints were made of me? I should like to know in what respect I failed to do my duty."
 
"Probably you know as well as I can tell you," said the superintendent. "At any rate, I have no time to waste in examining into the matter. I prefer to take a boy who has nothing against him. Next."
 
Ben left the office, smarting not so much at the failure to obtain employment, as at the unfounded charges trumped up against him.
 
Just outside the office he met Sam Archer.
 
"Good morning, Bradford," said Sam, eyeing our hero curiously. "Are you going to work in the mill?"
 
"No," said Ben shortly.
 
"Perhaps old Taylor will give you employment."
 
"No doubt he would if he had occasion to employ any one. Mr. Taylor is a gentleman."
 
"Do you mean to say father isn't a gentleman?"
 
"You can draw your own conclusions."
 
Ben was not quite an angel, though he was a manly boy, and he felt pugnacious.
 
"I've a great mind to knock you down," said Sam.
 
"You may have the mind, but you haven't got the strength to do it," said Ben.
 
"I won't dirty my hands with touching you."
 
"That's prudent, at any rate," retorted Ben.
 
"You'd better go home and read your prize."
 
"That's good advice, though it comes from a bad source," returned Ben. "It isn't needed, however, for I have been reading it. I can quote two lines！
 
          "'Be not like dumb, driven cattle,
            Be like heroes in the strife.'"
"What do you mean by that?"
 
"I mean that you will find it hard to drive me."
 
"Perhaps so, but I've done one thing," boasted Sam.
 
"What's that?"
 
"I told father not to take you if you applied; and that's why you are going away with a flea in your ear."
 
"I am not surprised to hear this," he answered. "Indeed, I am very glad to hear it."
 
"You are glad to hear it?" repeated Sam, puzzled.
 
"Yes."
 
"I don't understand why you should be."
 
"I suppose not. I am glad you know just why I was refused."
 
"Well, I hope you are satisfied."
 
"I am entirely so."
 
"I wonder what the fellow means," thought Sam.
 
Chapter XXIII ！ The Decoy Letter
 Sam knew that Ben was anxious to obtain a situation. It occurred to him that it would be a splendid joke to write to Ben, in the name of some Boston firm, offering him a situation. Ben would go up to the city, of course, only to find that he had been "sold."
 
Of course, it would not do for Sam to write the letter himself, since his writing was well known to Ben. Again, the letter must be posted in Boston. However, where there is a will there is a way. Sam was acquainted with a boy who lived in Boston！Frank Ferguson！and to him he wrote, enclosing the draft of a letter, which he requested Frank to copy and mail to Ben. "It is only a practical joke," Sam explained in his letter, "in return for one Ben has played on me." But for this explanation, Frank who was an honorable boy, would not have lent himself to this scheme. As it was, it struck him only as a piece of fun, and he followed Sam's instructions.
 
A few days later, Ben, in going to the post-office, received a letter directed to himself. It read thus:
 
"BENJAMIN BRADFORD: We are in want of a boy in our store. You can have the place if you wish. It will be necessary for you to report for duty next Monday.
 
                              "Yours, in haste,
                              "JONES & PORTER"
Ben had heard of Jones & Porter. They were well-known booksellers and publishers. A position with them was certainly desirable.
 
"But how could they have heard of me," thought Ben.
 
He was not vain enough to suppose that his name was well known in Boston, yet here was an important firm that had offered him employment. Again, the manner in which the letter ended struck him as rather singular. It didn't occur to Ben to doubt its genuineness.
 
As he was walking back, he met James Watson.
 
"What's the news, Ben?" asked James.
 
"I am offered a place in Boston," answered Ben.
 
"You don't say so! What sort of place is it?"
 
"It is a place in a bookstore. There is the letter."
 
James read it.
 
"How did they happen to write to you."
 
"I don't know, I am sure."
 
"Can't you think of any way in which they could have heard of you?"
 
"There is only one way I can think of. There was a gentleman in Charleston who was quite kind to me when I was there last year. He promised to be of service to me if I ever needed it. He may have mentioned my name to Jones & Porter.
 
"Very likely," said James. "You are in luck."
 
"I wish I knew what wages they are willing to pay," said Ben. "If it's only five dollars a week, it won't more than pay my board, and I don't like to call upon Aunt Jane to pay for my clothes."
 
"You will take the place, won't you, at any rate?"
 
"Oh, yes. Perhaps I can get a chance to earn something by extra work, and so pay for my clothes."
 
"Well, I wish you good luck, Ben. If you hear of a place for me, let me know."
 
"I will, James. I should like your company."
 
Ben went home and showed the letter to his aunt.
 
"You see, aunt, I am provided for," said Ben.
 
Old Mrs. Perkins was present and hazarded a cheerful observation.
 
"I wouldn't trust a boy of mine in the city, Mrs. Bradford," she said; "it's the ruination of 'em most always. Like or not, Ben will get dissipated, and take to drinkin', and have the delirious triangles."
 
Mrs. Bradford was easily alarmed.
 
"Do you think you'd better go, Ben?" she asked doubtfully. "You're so young."
 
"I can't afford to wait till I'm an old man, Aunt Jane," he said; "and I don't mean to have the 'delirous triangles,' if I can help it. You wouldn't keep me at home till I'm eighty, like Mrs. Perkins！！！-"
 
"I'm only sixty-two," exclaimed the old lady indignantly. "What do you mean by calling me eighty?"
 
"I didn't know you were sensitive about your age."
 
"I ain't," snarled the old lady; "I own up to sixty-two, but you needn't call me twenty years older."
 
Mrs. Perkins was really seventy-two and looked her age; but she fondly hoped to deceive the public.
 
"Do you really think you had better go to Boston, Ben?" said his aunt, after the departure of the visitor.
 
"Yes, Aunt Jane. There's no chance for me in Milltown, as you know very well. Mr. Archer's prejudiced against me, and won't take me into the mill."
 
"I shall miss you very much, Ben."
 
"I'll write you once every week."
 
"How much will you get?"
 
"I don't know. If it's too little, I will live as closely as I can. I shall be learning the business, you know, and, of course, I shall get my salary raised when I deserve it."
 
Ben had a strong, positive nature, and he convinced his aunt that he ought to accept the offer of Jones & Porter. Mrs. Bradford set about putting his clothes in order.
 
Sam Archer awaited with interest the result of his joke. Seeing Ben the next day, he stopped him.
 
"Where are you bound, Ben?" he asked.
 
"I am going to buy some underclothes," he said.
 
"Have you got a place?"
 
"Yes, I expect so."
 
Sam wanted to laugh, but concealed his emotions.
 
"Where is it?" he asked.
 
"It isn't in you father's mill," retorted Ben.
 
"No, I suppose not. Is it in town?"
 
"It is in Boston!" said Ben, in a tone of satisfaction.
 
Sam laughed involuntarily.
 
"What are you laughing at?" inquired Ben angrily.
 
"Excuse me," said Sam. "I was thinking how green you would be at first in a city place. I will call and see you when I go to the city."
 
"I don't like to be impolite; but as you prevented my getting a place here, I don't look upon you as a friend, and I only care to receive calls from my friends."
 
"How proud we are just because we have got a place in Boston!" said Sam mockingly, and he laughed again.
 
"I thought he would be disappointed to hear of my success," thought Ben. "He is rather a queer boy."
 
"Isn't it jolly?" said Sam to himself. "Won't he be mad when he finds it all a sell?"
Chapter XXIV ！ Ben Arrives in Boston
 Ben set out for Boston on Monday morning in very good spirits.  His
 aunt shed a few tears at parting.  She was apt to take depressing
views of the future, and said; "I hope you'll prosper, Ben," in a tone
which implied that she did not think there was more than one chance
in ten of his success.  But Ben understood his aunt, and did not allow
her presentiments to weigh with him.  His motto was still, "Wait and
Hope."
Ben found himself seated beside a young man of pleasant appearance, who was attracted by our hero's frank and manly look.
 
"I suppose you are going to Boston," he said.
 
"Yes," answered Ben readily.
 
"Have you got a place there?"
 
"I am going to have," said Ben cheerfully.
 
"Do you mind telling where?"
 
"Oh, no," said Ben; "I am going to the store of Jones & Porter."
 
"Indeed! There are very prominent business men."
 
"I suppose they are," said Ben.
 
"Do you know them personally?"
 
"I don't know them at all. I think some friend of mine must have mentioned me to them."
 
"It's rather singular that I shouldn't know anything about your engagement," said the young man.
 
"Why should you?" inquired Ben, in natural surprise.
 
"The fact is, I am Mr. Porter's nephew, and am a salesman in the establishment," said the young man. He drew from his pocket a business card, bearing the name.
 
HENRY W. PORTER
 
With Jones and Porter
 
Ben was rather disturbed, and he thought: "Can there be anything wrong?"
 
He said aloud: "I don't see how there can be any mistake. I received a letter from Jones & Porter last week, offering me the place."
 
Ben took the letter from his pocket and handed it to the young man.
 
The latter ran his eye over it hastily. He examined the signature and the address, and said quietly "I don't think this letter came from our store."
 
Ben felt as if the earth had opened before him.
 
"I don't understand it," he said, his face very red. "If the letter isn't genuine, who could have written it?"
 
"It seems written in a schoolboy hand," said young Porter. "Isn't it possible that some one may be playing a practical joke on you?"
 
"It wouldn't be much of a joke to me," said Ben.
 
"I should call it a mean trick myself," said Porter; "but can't you think of any one who may have written it?"
 
"I'll bet it's Sam Archer."
 
"And who is Sam Archer?"
 
"He is the meanest boy in Milltown," said Ben.
 
"Doesn't he like you? Isn't he one of your friends?"
 
"No, he does all he can to injure me. But"！here Ben examined the letter a second time！"this isn't his handwriting."
 
"That proves nothing. He probably sent it to some confederate in Boston to copy and mail to you."
 
"Don't you think there is any chance of its being genuine?" asked Ben.
 
"The chance is very slight; but it is well, of course, to make sure. I have been away to pass Sunday, and shall go to the store at once on my arrival. You can go with me. I will introduce you to my uncle."
 
"If it is a trick," said Ben uncomfortably, "I shall be in an awkward fix."
 
"Whether it is a trick or not, you can count on my friendship," said young Porter kindly.
 
"Thank you," said Ben gratefully.
 
About an hour later Ben and his new friend entered the large and handsome bookstore of Jones & Porter.
 
Young Porter, as he walked through the store, received the greetings of his fellow clerks.
 
"Have you adopted a boy?" asked one facetiously.
 
"Yes," said Porter, smiling. "Where is my uncle?"
 
"He is in the back office."
 
"All right! Come along, Ben."
 
Henry Porter kept on his way till he reached the back part of the store, where a good-sized office was partitioned off. Mr. Porter was writing at a desk.
 
"Good morning, uncle," said Ben's companion.
 
"Good morning, Henry. Have a good time?"
 
"Excellent, uncle. Let me introduce to your favorite notice Master Benjamin Bradford, of Milltown."
 
Mr. Porter did not consider it beneath his dignity to be polite even to a boy.
 
"I am glad to see you, my young friend," he said, rising and offering his hand to Ben. "Are you on a visit to the city?"
 
Poor Ben! His heart sank within him. Evidently Mr. Porter would not ask such a question of a boy whom he had engaged to work for him.
 
The young man saw his embarrassment and answered for him.
 
"That's rather an odd question to ask you new clerk, uncle," he said.
 
"My new clerk, Henry? I don't understand you."
 
"Ben, show your letter."
 
"That is a forgery," said the uncle rather indignantly.
 
Poor Ben! Manly as he was, he felt ready to cry.
 
"I am sorry," he said faltering.
 
"Have you any idea who wrote it?" asked Mr. Porter.
 
"Yes," answered Ben. "It's Sam Archer."
 
"In fun?"
 
"No, in spite. He is always glad to injure me."
 
"What can be his motive?"
 
Ben explained his relations with Sam.
 
"Do you need the position?" asked Mr. Porter.
 
"Yes, sir, I am poor, and can ill afford the money I have spent in coming to Boston. Sam knows this, and it is mean for him, a rich boy, to fool me so."
 
Mr. Porter was a kind-hearted man. More than once he had kept on a clerk whom he did not need.
 
"Go into the store a minute, my boy," he said, "while I speak with my nephew."
 
Of course Ben obeyed.
 
"What do you think of this boy, Henry?"
 
"I think very favorably of him. He seems honest and straightforward, and I think he is smart."
 
"I like his looks myself; I wish we had a vacancy."
 
"We shall have very soon."
 
"To whom do you refer?"
 
"Frank Robinson is going to leave at the beginning of next month. His father thinks it will be better for him to go to school a year or two longer."
 
"So you would recommend hiring this boy?"
 
"Yes, sir; I have so good an opinion of him that I am quite willing to guarantee him. If you will take him on immediately, I will myself pay his wages till the end of the month, when Robinson leaves."
 
"Bravo, Henry! That shows a kind heart. I won't accept that, but will give you leave to help him outside as much as you please."
 
Chapter XXV ！ Sam Gives Himself Away
 Ben was looking with interest at a row of new books when he was summoned into the private office.
 
"My young friend," said Mr. Porter, senior, "we are not responsible for the letter that brought you here."
 
"No, sir," said Ben. "I am sorry to have troubled you. I'll go home this afternoon."
 
He looked sober enough, poor Ben, for it would not be pleasant facing his aunt and friends in Milltown, and explaining matters. Even the "licking" which he determined to give Sam Archer, if he should prove the author of the decoy letter, would be a poor satisfaction.
 
"You may as well stay," said Mr. Porter. "My nephew thinks we can find a place for you in the store."
 
"Will you really take me?" asked Ben.
 
"We will try you. My nephew thinks you will suit us."
 
"Thank you, sir," said Ben warmly.
 
"Your friend, who wrote the letter, will be rather disappointed, eh?" said young Porter, smiling.
 
"Yes," said Ben, who could smile now. "I should like to see him when he learns that his malicious letter has procured me a situation.
 
"What do we pay you Robinson?"
 
"Six dollars a week."
 
"Then Benjamin shall have the same. He has no knowledge of the business, to be sure！！"
 
"I will have soon," said Ben confidently.
 
"That's right, my lad. Make yourself useful to us, and you won't have cause to regret it."
 
He was set to work dusting books, and young Porter went to his own desk; he was chief bookkeeper.
 
"When the store closes," he said, "come to me. I shall take you to my room to-night."
 
In the evening, at his friend's room, Ben wrote the following letter to his friend, James Watson:
 
"Boston, July 18, 19！.
 
"Dear James: Though I have been only a few hours in Boston I have a good deal to tell you. You remember my showing you the letter from Jones & Porter, which induced me to come to the city. Well, it was a hoax. It didn't come from the firm at all. Somebody wanted to play a trick on me, and wrote it. I have no doubt Sam Archer was at the bottom of it. You know what a mean fellow he is, and that he would like nothing better than to injure me. But I am glad to say that he has not succeeded. By great good luck I got acquainted with Mr. Porter's nephew on board the train. I showed him the letter, which he pronounced probably a forgery. But he took me to the store！he is head bookkeeper！and introduced me to his uncle. It seems that there will be a vacancy at the beginning of next month, and as I was on the ground, they engaged me. So Sam's mean trick has been the means of obtaining me a position. He will be provoked enough when he hears it. Now I will tell you what I want you to do. Don't say a word about the letter being a hoax. Merely tell the boys that I have got the place I expected. If Sam wrote the letter he will certainly betray himself. Keep mum, and lead him on. Then let me know what you find out. I will write again soon.
 
"Your affectionate friend, "Ben Bradford."
 
"It's a mean trick, and just like Sam," ejaculated James when he read Ben's letter. "I'll follow Ben's instructions. Sam will be coming round making inquiries pretty soon. I'll manage him."
 
James was right in his supposition. Sam eagerly awaited the upshot of his trick. He concluded that Ben would come back Monday night depressed and humiliated, and he was on the street near Ben's house when the afternoon train got in, ready to feast his eyes on his rival's unhappiness. But he waited in vain.
 
The next morning, about ten o'clock, he met James Watson on the street. James had received the letter from Ben the evening previous.
 
"How are you, James?" said Sam.
 
"I'm all right," said James rather coolly.
 
"Have you heard from Ben Bradford?"
 
"I heard last night."
 
"What does he say?' asked Sam eagerly.
 
"He hadn't been in his situation long enough to tell how he should like it," answered James.
 
"Is he in a situation?" demanded Sam in surprise.
 
"What do you think he went to Boston for?"
 
"Where is he working?" asked Sam incredulously.
 
"He is with Jones & Porter, of course. Didn't you know they sent for him?"
 
"Ha! ha!" laughed Sam.
 
"I am on the track," thought James.
 
"I don't know what you mean," said he quietly. "Jones & Porter sent for Ben, and he is in their employ."
 
"I'll bet you a dollar Ben Bradford will be back here within a week," said Sam, in a ton of great confidence. "I don't believe Jones & Porter ever wrote him a letter."
 
"I saw the letter."
 
"Suppose you did; it might have been a hoax."
 
"Then whoever wrote it did Ben a good turn, for he has got a place at Jones & Porter's."
 
"I don't believe it," said Sam uneasily.
 
"Ben writes me that he is there."
 
"Will you let me see the letter?"
 
"No, I won't."
 
"That convinces me that it's all a humbug."
 
"You think the letter a hoax?"
 
"Yes, I do."
 
"What reason have you for thinking so?"
 
"I decline to state."
 
"Who do you think wrote it?"
 
"How should I know?"
 
"As you know so much, I don't mind telling you that you are right. The letter was a hoax."
 
Sam laughed heartily.
 
"I thought so," he said.
 
"And I know who wrote it."
 
Sam didn't laugh now.
 
"Who?" he asked uncomfortably.
 
"You did it."
 
"What do you mean?" blustered Sam.
 
"Exactly what I say. Otherwise you would have had no reason to suspect the genuineness of it."
 
"Does Ben Bradford charge me with it? Just wait till I see him."
 
"That will be some time unless you go to Boston. Jones & Porter happened to have a vacancy, and Ben stepped into it. Your letter got him a place."
 
"I don't believe it," said Sam faintly.
 
"It's true, and it's lucky for you. If Ben had been obliged to come home he would have given you the worst licking you ever had."
Chapter XXVI ！ Ben Finds a Boarding-Place
 Henry Porter had a fine suite of rooms in the Back Bay District of Boston. Ben spent the night with him.
 
"You've got a nice home," said our hero.
 
"Yes," said the bookkeeper. "My rooms alone cost me fifteen dollars a week."
 
"Without board?" ejaculated Ben.
 
"Yes," said the young man, smiling.
 
"Why, that is almost eight hundred dollars a year."
 
"Quite correct. I see you think me extravagant."
 
"I was wondering how you could afford it."
 
"Your surprise is natural. If I only depended on my salary, I certainly should not hire such expensive apartments. But a good aunt left me twenty thousand dollars, two years since, and this being well invested yields me about fourteen hundred dollars a year."
 
"I wonder you don't go into business."
 
"I have thought of it, but doubt whether I should manage a business of my own judiciously. If not, I should run the risk of losing all my money. I like keeping books for my uncle, and he pays me a good salary. With this and the income from my property I can live as well as I wish without incurring any risk at all."
 
"I don't know but that is best," said Ben.
 
"Now let me speak of your own plans, Ben. Your income is six dollars a week."
 
"Yes, sir."
 
"You must regulate your expenses accordingly."
 
"I want to do so, Mr. Porter. How much board shall I have to pay?" asked Ben anxiously.
 
"I cannot tell without inquiring. There is a boarding-house on Warren Avenue, kept by a worthy lady of my acquaintance. How much do you fell able to pay?"
 
"I should like to have enough over to buy my clothes."
 
"We will see if we can manage it Get your hat and we will go to the boarding-house now."
 
It was a three-story brick house, such as is common in Boston. It was unusually neat for a boarding-house of medium grade, Mrs. Draper being an excellent housekeeper, with a horror of dirt.
 
"How do you do, Mr. Porter?" was the landlady's greeting. Mr. Porter had once boarded with her.
 
"Very well, thank you, Mrs. Draper. How is business? Pretty full, eh?"
 
"Yes, sir; I've only got one small room vacant."
 
"May we see it?"
 
"It won't suit you, Mr. Porter."
 
"It may suit my young friend here."
 
"A relative of yours?" inquired Mrs. Draper.
 
"No, but he is a young friend in whom I feel an interest."
 
"I shall be very glad if the room suits him, then."
 
Mrs. Draper led the way up-stairs to the vacant room. It was small, but neatly carpeted, and provided all that was needful in a chamber.
 
"How much do you like it, Ben?" asked the bookkeeper.
 
"Very much," said Ben, in a tone of satisfaction.
 
Mr. Porter walked to the other end of the room and discussed terms with Mrs. Draper in a low tone.
 
"What is your price for this room with board?"
 
"I have generally got six dollars a week."
 
"I want you to let my young friend have it for four."
 
"I really couldn't do it, Mr. Porter. You have no idea how much I have to pay at the market for meat and vegetables. Then my landlord won't reduce my rent."
 
"You don't understand me, Mrs. Draper," said the bookkeeper. "You are to charge him only four dollars; but I propose to make up the difference."
 
"That is, of course, satisfactory."
 
"One thing more. My young friend is not to know about this arrangement. He is to suppose that four dollars a week is payment in full."
 
"There is only one objection to that, Mr. Porter. If my other boarders suppose that is all he pays, they will make a fuss, and want their rate of board reduced."
 
"Then he shall be cautioned to keep the price he pays secret. Ben!"
 
Ben walked over to where they were standing.
 
"Mrs. Draper agrees to take you at the very low price of four dollars a week for room and board."
 
Ben looked delighted.
 
"Then I shall have money enough from my wages to pay all my expenses without calling on Aunt Jane."
 
"Yes, if you are economical. As this price is extremely low, you are not to mention to any of the other boarders how much you pay."
 
"I will be sure to remember it," said Ben.
 
As they were leaving the house Mr. Porter said: "Don't suppose, Ben, that I am anxious to get rid of you. I had half a mind to keep you with me a week or two. But one thing deterred me. You are a poor boy, and have your own way to make in the world. You can't for years afford to live as I am doing. If I accustomed you to living expensively it would be harder for you to accommodate yourself to your means."
 
"I understand you, Mr. Porter, and thank you. I consider you a true friend," said Ben earnestly.
 
"I see you are a sensible boy, Ben. You are right in looking upon me as a friend. I hope you will come and call upon me often."
 
"Thank you, sir. I shall consider it a privilege to do so. And I hope you will give me any advice that you think will benefit me."
 
"I will, Ben, and I will begin now. We have a large public library in Boston, of which we are very proud. I advise you to draw books from it."
 
"I shall be glad to," said Ben eagerly.
 
"Come round, and I will show it to you."
 
Together they entered the handsome building on Copley Square. Ben, who had never seen a large library, or, indeed, any library containing over a thousand books, was amazed at what he saw.
 
"I didn't suppose there was any library in the world so large," he said.
 
"Here is the newspaper and magazine room. You can come in here any evening. It will be much better than to spend your time where many boys and young men do！in billiard and drinking saloons."
 
"I shall enjoy living in Boston very much."
 
"I think you will. While a large city has more temptations than a small town, it also has more opportunities for improvement. I hope, Ben, you will start right, and prepare the way for a useful manhood."
 
"Thank you, Mr. Porter. I mean to try."
 
The next day Ben took formal possession of his room in the boarding-house on Warren Avenue. He found a pleasant class of boarders there and a good table. Though not luxurious, it was better than he had been used to at home, and he felt himself fortunately placed.
 
Chapter XXVII ！ Sam Attempts Strategy
 The more Sam Archer thought of the effect of his letter upon Ben's fortunes the more he felt provoked.
 
"I wish I hadn't sent him to Jones & Porter," thought he. "I hope he won't suit them."
 
When a fortnight had passed Sam managed to meet James Watson.
 
"Have you heard from Ben Bradford lately?"
 
"Yes," said James.
 
"What does he write?"
 
"That he likes his place very much. The bookkeeper is very kind to him, and assists him with advice. Then he likes being in a bookstore."
 
Sam was not overjoyed at the news.
 
"How kind you are to take such an interest in Ben!"
 
"I don't take an interest in him," returned Sam.
 
"Then what makes you ask after him so particularly?"
 
"I expected he'd be discharged by this time."
 
"What made you think so?"
 
"He didn't give satisfaction at the mill. He was discharged."
 
"So was I."
 
"But not for the same reasons," said Sam. "It was because times were dull."
 
"I rather think Ben's work was satisfactory enough, but you influenced your father against him."
 
"How much pay does he get?" inquired Sam.
 
"More than he received at the mill."
 
"I wonder whether all this is true," considered Sam. "James Watson is Ben's friend and he may represent things better than they are."
 
An excellent plan suggested itself to Sam. He would ask his father's permission to go to Boston and pass a day or two with his friend, Frank Ferguson. This would allow him to drop into Jones & Porter's store and judge for himself how Ben was situated.
 
Sam had no trouble about obtaining permission.
 
On reaching the city he decided to call at the store before going to his friend's residence.
 
Ben was dusting books, when a glance toward the door revealed the entrance of Sam. The latter had cherished a faint hope that James had deceived him, and that Ben was really not employed.
 
"How shall I receive him?" Ben asked himself.
 
He decided to treat him coolly, but not to quarrel.
 
"Good morning, Bradford," said Sam.
 
"Good morning, Archer," was the return greeting.
 
Sam didn't quite like this familiarity.
 
"How do you like working here?"
 
"Very much," answered Ben. "Much better than in the mill," he added significantly.
 
"I shouldn't think they'd have taken a green country boy," suggested Sam pleasantly.
 
"Perhaps they wouldn't if a friend hadn't written for me," said Ben with a meaning glance at Sam.
 
"How much pay do you get?"
 
"I would rather not say."
 
"Because it is so small," said Sam, with a sneer.
 
"On the contrary, I look upon it as liberal. I am doing better than if I had remained at Milltown."
 
This was bad news for Sam.
 
"I am really obliged to the person who wrote the letter which secured me the position," Ben added.
 
"It isn't much of a business to dust books."
 
"I sell books sometimes," said Ben, smiling. "Can I show you something this morning."
 
"No, I don't want anything. Where do you live?"
 
"I board on Warren Avenue."
 
"In a cheap boarding-house?"
 
"There are some very nice people who board there."
 
Sam came to a sudden decision. Would it be possible to induce Ben to give up his place, and enter the mill again? He could be discharged after awhile, and cast adrift. It was rather foolish to suppose that Ben would snap at such a bait, but he decided to try it.
 
"I think you would be better off in the mill," he said.
 
"You could board at home, and help your aunt. You would soon be promoted, too."
 
"I thought you didn't want me to enter the mill," exclaimed Ben, amazed. "Your father told me that my record was not good;" and Ben looked indignant.
 
"Father was feeling out of sorts," said Sam smoothly.
 
"He will take you on if you'll come back."
 
"What does the fellow mean?" thought Ben.
 
It didn't take him long to guess. If he should return to the mill he would be once more in Sam's power.
 
"You really think your father would employ me?"
 
"Yes, he would if I asked him to."
 
"I would thank you, Sam Archer, if I thought your offer was a friendly one."
 
"What makes you think that it isn't."
 
"The feeling which I have reason to think you entertain for me, and your conduct in the past."
 
"You are too suspicious, Ben."
 
"If I find I am, I will apologize to you. It would be foolish for me to give up so good a position in order to accept a poor one, which is not all permanent."
 
"Well, Bradford, I must bid you good morning. Just write to me if you decide to accept."
 
"If I decide to accept I will."
 
"He's getting very impudent," said Sam to himself, "If I could only get him into the mill I could fix him. We'd let him stay two or three weeks, and then ship him. But he won't do it. Stay, I think of a way."
 
What the way was may be conjectured from a letter which Ben received three days later from his Aunt Jane:
 
"My Dear Nephew: I am feeling almost heart-broken. It is reported by one who saw you lately that you are looking very dissipated. I was afraid the temptations of the city were too much for you. You are too young to go away from home. I won't blame you too much, for I feel that you are weak rather than wicked. But I shall not feel comfortable till you are at home again. Don't hesitate to give up your place. I am assured that they will take you on again at the mill, and it will be much better for you to be at home with us, till you are older, and better able to resist temptation.
 
"Your anxious aunt, "Jane Bradford"
 
Ben read this letter in amazed indignation.
 
"Sam is at the bottom of this," he concluded. "It is he that has reported that I look dissipated. He wants to deprive me of my place, and get me into the mill, where I shall be in his power. I can't forgive him for frightening my poor aunt. If I were at home, I should certainly punish him as he deserves."
 
Ben took the letter to his friend, the bookkeeper.
 
"What do you think of that?" he asked.
 
"This letter was written at an enemy's instigation."
 
"You are right, Mr. Porter."
 
Then Ben told his friend of Sam's call.
 
"Will you do me a favor, Mr. Porter?" he asked.
 
"Certainly I will, Ben."
 
"Then, will you write to my aunt, and assure her that my habits are good, and that her informant has willfully lied? It will relieve her anxiety."
 
"With pleasure."
 
The next day Mrs. Bradford received a letter, very enthusiastic in its tone, which completely exonerated our hero from the charges brought against him.
 
"Your nephew," it concluded, "bids fair to become one of our best clerks. He is polite, faithful, and continually trying to improve. You need have no apprehension about him. It would be very foolish for him to resign his situation."
Chapter XXVIII ！ Sam Praises Ben
 The same mail that carried the bookkeeper's letter to Mrs. Bradford also carried a letter from Ben to Sam Archer. It ran thus:
 
"Sam Archer: You might be in better business than telling lies about me to my aunt. If you think I look dissipated your eyes deceive you, and I advise you to wear glasses the next time you come to Boston. If you choose to come to the store, it is none of my business; but you need not take the trouble in order to see me.
 
I quite understand your anxiety to get me back into the mill. There was a time when I should have been glad of a place there; but now I have a place that suits me better, and don't care to change. "Benjamin Bradford"
 
When Sam received this letter, he looked and felt provoked. Somehow or other Ben was always getting the better of him. He wanted to injure him, but there seemed no way. Suddenly it occurred to Sam that he might prejudice Jones & Porter against our hero.
 
He sat down at once and wrote them an anonymous letter, of which this is a copy:
 
"Messrs. Jones & Porter: I hear that you have taken into your employment a boy named Benjamin Bradford from this town. You probably are not aware that he has a very bad reputation here. He was employed in the mill for a time, but was discharged because he was idle and lazy. He keeps bad company, and none of the respectable boys here cared to associate with him. I don't like to see an honorable firm imposed upon, and that is why I warn you of the character of your new clerk, though I have no personal interest in the matter.
 
"A Friend"
 
The next day Ben was summoned to the countingroom.
 
"Ben," said Mr. Porter, "have you any enemy in Milltown?"
 
"Yes, sir."
 
"We have just received a letter warning us against you, as unworthy of our confidence."
 
Mr. Porter smiled, or Ben might have felt uncomfortable.
 
"May I see the letter?" he asked.
 
The letter was placed in his hands.
 
"It is Sam Archer's handwriting," he said, looking up. "I hope, sir, you won't let it prejudice you against me."
 
"I would not allow myself to be influenced by an anonymous letter. It is a stab in the dark."
 
"I want to show you how inconsistent Sam is," said Ben. "He was here a few days ago, and urged me to give up my place here, and take one in the mill."
 
"That is rather strange, if he is your enemy."
 
"No, sir; he don't like it because I have a good place here. If I should go into the mill I should probably be discharged in a week or two, and cast adrift."
 
"Are any boys as malicious as that?"
 
"Not many, sir, I hope; but Sam is an exception."
 
"I sympathize with you in your persecution, Ben; but I can assure you that no anonymous letters will change my opinion of you. If this enemy sends another letter, I shall feel tempted to increase your wages."
 
"Then I hope he'll write again," said Ben, laughing.
 
"If we continue satisfied with you, we shall probably advance you on the first of January."
 
"Thank you, sir," said Ben warmly. "May I answer this letter, sir?"
 
"You may say that we have shown it to you, and that we despise such malicious attempts to injure."
 
The next day Sam received a letter from Ben, which concluded:
 
"If you write another similar letter to my employers, you will be doing me quite a service. It will probably cause them to raise my salary. As I owe my place to you, you now have it in your power to increase the obligation. How bad you must feel, Sam, at your inability to do me harm! I can't say I exactly sympathize with you, but I certainly pity you for harboring such malice in your heart. I don't know how to express my gratitude for all of your kindness. If ever you want a situation in Boston let me know. There is a peanut woman on the Common who wants a smart, active salesman.
 
"Ben Bradford"
 
Sam was stung by the cool indifference and contempt which appeared in this letter. Ben did not take the trouble to be angry. He evidently despised his enmity, and defied him. Sam felt that he hated Ben worse.
 
"What's that letter you are scowling over, Sam?" asked James Watson.
 
"It's a letter from a miserable puppy," hissed Sam.
 
"Is it? Do you correspond with miserable puppies?"
 
"I can't help their writing to me. If you want to know who it is, it's your friend, Ben Bradford."
 
"How long have you corresponded?" asked James.
 
"I wouldn't lower myself by writing to him," said Sam wrathfully. "I'll show you what I think of his letter."
 
As he spoke, he tore the letter to pieces.
 
"You're a strange boy, Sam," said James.
 
"Why am I?"
 
"Haven't you been working hard to get Ben back to Milltown?"
 
"I wish he'd come back."
 
"And yet you can't bear the sight of him."
 
"I hate him worse than any fellow I know."
 
"Come, now, Sam, just listen to a little advice. If you had always treated Ben right you would like him as well as I do. Why should you cherish malice against him? He has good qualities, and so have you, if you'd only give 'em a chance to show themselves."
 
"That's all gammon," said Sam impatiently.
 
"What, about your having good qualities?"
 
"About my ever liking Ben Bradford. Before I'd make a friend of him, I would go without friends."
 
"You may think differently some time."
 
On the first of January Ben wrote to his aunt:
 
"My Dear Aunt: Congratulate me on my good luck. Mr. Porter, this morning, called me into the countingroom, and informed me that henceforth my wages would be eight dollars a week！two dollars more that I have been receiving. I owe this partly to my good luck. I am a favorite of the bookkeeper, who is Mr. Porter's nephew; otherwise, if I had been advanced at all, it would have been only one dollar a week. Don't you think it would have been rather foolish if I had come back and gone into the mill, as you wished me to?"
 
"After all, I think Ben did right to stay," said Aunt Jane, when she read the letter.
 
"I wish he'd come home," said Tony. "Then he could play with me."
 
Chapter XXIX ！ The Cunard Steamer
 Early one morning a gentleman came into Jones & Porter's bookstore, and selected some books, which he paid for. There were eighteen in all.
 
"Where shall we send them, sir?"
 
"Can you send them to the Cunard steamer at East Boston? I sail for Europe today."
 
"Certainly, sir. When does the steamer start?"
 
"At twelve o'clock. Don't fail to have them there on time, as I shall be greatly disappointed to miss them."
 
When the gentleman had left the store, Ben was summoned.
 
"Ben, do you know the Cunard Wharf in East Boston?" asked the bookkeeper.
 
"I can easily find it."
 
"Here is a package of books to be carried there."
 
"All right, sir," said Ben.
 
"They are for Mr. James Parker. If you don't find him leave them with the steward."
 
So Ben took the package, and made his way toward the East Boston Ferry.
 
On board the boat he look around him, thinking it possible that he might recognize some one of his fellow passengers. Considerably to his surprise he noticed Mr. Archer, superintendent of the factory at Milltown, whom he had not seen since the latter declined to take him on again at the mill.
 
"I wonder what brings Mr. Archer here?"
 
His surprise, however, was only momentary. There was nothing strange in the superintendent's having business at East Boston. Ben noticed, however, that Mr. Archer wore a traveling-suit, and carried a knapsack.
 
Ben would have liked to inquire if Squire Archer had seen his aunt lately, if they had been on friendly terms; but he was very doubtful how his advance would be received, and remained where he was.
 
The boat touched the pier and the passengers disembarked. Ben was two or three rods behind the squire. Our hero inquired the way to the steamer, and had no difficulty about obtaining the necessary information. To his additional surprise Squire Archer crossed the gangway only a little in advance of Ben.
 
"What can be the squire's business here?" thought Ben, in surprise.
 
Ben halted on deck, and looked around for some officer to whom he could entrust the package. At this moment Squire Archer turned and saw Ben for the first time. He started and changed color, as Ben could see. For an instant he looked irresolute. Then he approached Ben, and said roughly: "What brings you here?"
 
"I am here on business," answered Ben.
 
"On business! What business?"
 
"I have a package of books for one of the passengers."
 
"Oh, I see," said the mill superintendent, seeming to be relieved. "You are working in a bookstore."
 
"Yes, sir."
 
"What firm is it?"
 
"Jones & Porter."
 
"Oh, yes, I know. I have often been in their store. How do you like your place?"
 
Squire Archer's tone was quite genial and friendly, though there was an uneasy expression on his face.
 
"Very well, sir."
 
"If you ever get out of a place, come to me."
 
"I thought you said my record was not good."
 
"So I did," said the superintendent; "but I was mistaken. I was thinking of another boy at the time."
 
"I am glad to hear it, sir," he answered. "I felt disturbed about it at the time."
 
"Of course. I believe you and Sam had a little difference."
 
"Yes, sir; but I don't think I was to blame."
 
"I don't care to inquire into that. You and Sam will laugh over it when you become a little older."
 
Squire Archer had never seemed so kind and pleasant. Ben began to think he had misjudged him.
 
"I would like to be friends with Sam," he said. "I shall be ready to meet him half-way."
 
"I will tell him so to-night," said the superintendent.
 
"By the way, I suppose you are rather surprised to see me here. You didn't think I was going to Europe?"
 
"No, sir, I didn't think that. I suppose you couldn't be spared at the mill."
 
"Quite true, my boy. I can't be spared for so long. I wish I could. I have long wanted to make a European tour; but I am tied down at home by business. However, that doesn't explain why I am here."
 
"Don't tell me, sir, unless you like. It is none of my business."
 
"To be sure. In fact, there is a little secret about it; but I don't mind telling you."
 
Ben felt more and more surprised. Was this the proud Squire Archer, who carried his head so high?
 
"If there is a secret about it, perhaps you had better not tell me," said Ben.
 
"Oh, I am quite willing to tell you; but you must not say anything about it till after the steamer has sailed. The fact is, a man, who owes the mill a large sum of money, it is suspected has taken passage on board this steamer, with the intention of going to Europe and evading the payment of his debt. I can't tell you his name, as that might interfere with my plans. I am here to intercept him, and prevent his departure."
 
"I hope you will succeed, Squire Archer," said Ben.
 
"Thank you, Ben. You see, therefore, that it is essential for me to keep my presence here secret till the steamer sails. I will go down-stairs now and watch."
 
Ben delivered his parcel, left the steamer, and did not mention that he had met any one whom he knew. He felt bound to respect Squire Archer's secret.
 
In the afternoon he was walking up Washington Street with the bookkeeper, when the latter bought the Evening Transcript. He glanced at the first page and then turned to Ben.
 
"Do you know Archer living in Milltown?"
 
"Certainly; he is the superintendent of the mill there."
 
"Well, here is a paragraph about him. It seems he has left the town, with fifty thousand dollars belonging to the corporation. His flight has made a great sensation. The police are on his track, and it is thought that he will be arrested and brought back."
 
"I saw Squire Archer this morning, on the Cunard steamer. He told me not to mention having seen him till after the steamer had started."
 
"Is it possible?" exclaimed young Porter.
 
"Yes; he said he was looking out for a man who owed money to the mill, whom he suspected of taking secret passage for Europe."
 
Chapter XXX ！ Sam Is Improved By Adversity
 
 
Mr. Archer's flight made a great commotion in Milltown. No one entertained a suspicion of his integrity. He had been appropriating the funds of the corporation to his own use, being treasurer as well as superintendent. When exposure was inevitable he fled.
 
To Sam and his mother, it was a great blow, not only on account of the disgrace, but also because it involved poverty and a narrow style of living. To persons of their pretensions this was heavy to bear. They were not altogether penniless. Mrs. Archer had property of her own, to the amount of four thousand dollars, which was unimpaired. But, even at a liberal rate of interest, this would not support them. Sam remained in the house, dispirited and resentful against the father who had brought this upon him, till he got tired of confinement and walked out. He hoped to meet no one whom he knew, but at the corner of the street he fell in with James Watson.
 
"He is one of Ben Bradford's friends. He will rejoice at what has happened," thought Sam. But James stopped him, and said in a friendly tone: "Are you out for a walk, Sam? Let us walk together?"
 
"I didn't know as you'd care to walk with me."
 
"You don't think I rejoice over your misfortune?"
 
"I didn't know but you might. You are a friend of Ben Bradford."
 
"He will be very sorry. He won't think of any little difference there has been between you."
 
"I don't believe that," said Sam, shaking his head.
 
"You will, as soon as you see him. You mustn't lose courage, Sam. I know it's bad for you, but！！"
 
"I don't know what's going to become of us," said Sam despondently. "We shall be poor."
 
"That isn't the worst thing that can happen to you."
 
"Father has treated us very badly."
 
"He has done wrong; but he is your father. Remember, Sam, I am your friend, and if I can do anything for you I will."
 
"Thank you, James," he said. "You are a good fellow！much better than I thought. I supposed you would be glad I was down in the world."
 
Same was to be still more surprised. The next day he received the following letter from Ben Bradford:
 
"Dear Sam: I am very sorry to hear of your misfortune. Of course, no one can blame you or your mother. I believe I was the last acquaintance to see your father before he left Boston. I had occasion to go on board the Cunard steamer which sailed on Wednesday. On the dock I met your father, and had a little conversation with him. He did not tell me that he was going to Europe; but he was in a traveling-dress and, no doubt, he was.
 
"What has happened will, no doubt, make some difference in your plans. If you wish to get a situation in Boston, I may be able to help you to one. At the beginning of next month there will be an opening for a boy in an establishment on Milk Street. The wages will not exceed five dollars a week; but it would be difficult for a beginner to do better. If you wish, I will try to get this place for you. At any rate, I hope you will regard me as a friend who wishes you well. The little quarrel there has been between us is not worth remembering.
 
"Your sincere friend, "Benjamin Bradford."
 
To say that Sam was surprised to receive this cordial letter from a boy whom he had so persistently tried to injure will hardly express his feelings. He was overwhelmed with astonishment, mingled with shame.
 
"Ben is a great deal better than I am," he was forced to admit. "I don't deserve such a kindness from him."
 
He showed Ben's letter to his mother.
 
"I think I had better ask Ben to get me the place. We must not be too proud."
 
"We have no right to be proud now. We shall have scarcely enough to support us in the humblest manner."
 
"My wages will help. I shall get five dollars a week. That will be two hundred and sixty dollars a year."
 
Even Mrs. Archer was surprised at the change in Sam.
 
"Do you think you will be willing to work?"
 
"Of course I shall; that is, if I can work in Boston. I don't want to stay here."
 
"Nor I," said Mrs. Archer.
 
"Suppose we both go to Boston, then."
 
"I am afraid our income won't be sufficient."
 
"For two or three years you can spend some of your principal, mother. By that time I shall be getting higher wages, and it may not be necessary."
 
"I didn't expect that you would take it so, Sam."
 
Ben received the following answer to his letter.
 
"Dear Ben: I thank you for your kind letter. I feel very much ashamed of the way I have treated you in the past. I didn't know what a good fellow you were. I am afraid I shouldn't have behaved as well in your place. As to your offer, I accept it thankfully. I shall be very glad to get the place you speak of. Mother and I intend to move to Boston, as it is no longer agreeable to stay here. Do you know of any boarding-house where the prices are reasonable, for we cannot afford to pay high rates? If you do, please find out on what terms we can be accommodated, and let me know."
 
Ben was pleased.
 
"Sam has improved," he thought.
 
By the first of the month Sam and his mother were established in a boarding-house on Warren Avenue and Sam had entered upon his duties in Milk Street.
Chapter XXXI ！ Clouds in the Sky
 Ben felt that he and his aunt were fortunately situated. From the time when his salary was raised he had laid aside two dollars a week, which he deposited in the savings-bank on School Street. His aunt, having no rent to pay, easily got along on her income from work and from the liberal board paid for little Emma.
 
"I am getting on," thought Ben, complacently regarding his bank book, at the end of three months. "I am worth twenty-six dollars already."
 
Little Emma, his aunt's boarder, was a child of pleasant disposition, and had given little trouble to Mrs. Bradford. Her health, too, had been excellent, until all at once she became pale and thin. Mrs. Bradford felt it her duty to report this to Mr. Manning, the child's guardian. By his direction, a skillful physician was consulted, who gave it as his opinion that the best thing for the child would be a sea voyage. This was communicated to Mr. Manning.
 
"Fortunately," he responded, "my sister starts in a fortnight for Europe. She will be absent six months. I have prevailed upon her to take charge of Emma."
 
Mrs. Bradford was glad that the little girl would have a chance to recover her former health and bloom; but she felt her loss doubly, on account of her society, and on account of the loss of income which her absence would involve. It was not until after Emma had actually gone that she felt the full force of the last consideration. So the poor woman wrote a doleful letter to Ben, in which she predicted that Tony and herself must soon go to the poorhouse.
 
When this letter reached Ben his duty was set plainly before him. From his regular income he could spare two dollars a week, and, taking two dollars weekly from his reserve fund, he would be enabled to allow his aunt four dollars a week, which, added to her own earnings, would maintain her and Tony in comfort.
 
"My dear aunt," he wrote, "don't talk of going to the poorhouse just yet. You forget that you have a rich nephew in Boston, who is unwilling that any of his relations should live at public expense unless they get into public office. I don't suppose there is any chance of your getting elected member of Congress. As it is, I shall send you every week four, dollars, which I hope will provide you with your usual comfort. I can keep up this allowance for twenty weeks, and that will carry you nearly to the time when Emma will return to you; then all will be right again."
 
Ben began to save a dollar more. He wanted to prepare for the time when his little fund would be exhausted. If by that time he had twelve dollars more, he would be able to continue to his aunt her regular allowance, till the six months were at an end. The thought that he had arranged matters so satisfactory made Ben quite cheerful. He realized the advantage of the habit of saving. He was encouraged also by some help which he received from the bookkeeper.
 
"Ben," said he, "do you spend all your salary?"
 
"Yes, Mr. Porter, I am obliged to."
 
"I should think you could save something out of eight dollars a week, as only four goes for board."
 
"So I could, but I have to help my aunt."
 
"I thought she was provided for," said Mr. Porter.
 
"Doesn't she get seven dollars a week for boarding a little girl?"
 
"She did; but the little girl is now in Europe."
 
"I suppose you cannot send much to your aunt."
 
"I send her four dollars a week."
 
"Four dollars a week!" exclaimed the young man, in surprise. "Why, that allows you nothing after paying your board."
 
The Ben told his friend about his savings.
 
"Doesn't it seem hard to have your earnings used up in this way?" asked the bookkeeper.
 
"No," answered Ben cheerfully.
 
"You are an excellent boy, Ben. You have done just the right thing. I am glad you are so unselfish."
 
"I am afraid I am selfish as the majority of boys; but I am not mean enough to let my aunt and little cousin suffer."
 
"I believe you consider me a friend of yours, Ben."
 
"I consider you one of the best friends I have, Mr. Porter," said Ben warmly.
 
"Then you must allow me a friend's privilege."
 
As he said this he drew from his pocketbook a twenty-dollar bill, and put it into Ben's hands.
 
"Thank you very much, Mr. Porter; but ought I to accept so much?"
 
"Certainly. Remember that my means are considerable, and that I have no one dependent upon me."
 
Ben felt that his companion derived pleasure from his gift, and he did not see why he should make any further objections. He added the twenty dollars to his savings-book fund, and said to himself: "There will be no trouble now in tiding over the six months."
 
But it is said misfortunes never come singly. The very next day his aunt received a lawyer's letter, which plunged her into the deepest despondency.
 
Chapter XXXII ！ The Blow Falls
 This is the material portion of Mrs. Bradford's letter to Ben:
 
"Dear Benjamin: The blow has fallen at last. I felt that our prosperity was not lasting, though I never could make you believe it. I have always expected the worst, and it has come. Benjamin, we are ruined; I shall end my days in the poorhouse after all. If you want an explanation, read the letter which I enclose."
 
The letter enclosed was from Solomon Brief, attorney, of Montreal, informing Mrs. Bradford that, as executor of the estate of the late Matthew Baldwin, of Montreal, he begged to remind her that for five years she had failed to pay the rent on a tenement owned by the deceased, and which he now found it to be his duty to demand. At sixty dollars per year, without interest, this would now amount to three hundred dollars, which he hoped Mrs. Bradford would see the propriety of paying at once.
 
Mrs. Bradford continued:
 
I don't know whether they will put me in jail or not; but you know that I cannot pay this money, and couldn't if I had five years to do it in. What will become of us all I don't know. 'Man is born to trouble as the sparks fly upward.'
 
"Your sorrowful aunt, "Jane Bradford.
 
"P.S.！I am sure your Uncle Matthew never intended that I should pay the rent. He once wrote me a letter to that effect, but I can't find it."
 
Even Ben, hopeful as he was, looked sober after reading this letter. He went to his friend, the bookkeeper.
 
"Have you ever seen your uncle, Ben?" he inquired.
 
"No, sir."
 
"What was his reputation?"
 
"He was considered wealthy."
 
"It is a pity you could not visit Montreal, and make some inquiries," said the bookkeeper thoughtfully.
 
"Of course I can't do that."
 
"Then, first of all, write to this lawyer, and inquire the particulars of Mr. Baldwin's death; and next, how his property is left. Then make him acquainted with the terms on which your aunt has occupied her house."
 
This advice seemed reasonable, and Ben adopted it.
 
As Ben left the store at six o'clock, one evening, he brushed by an old man with a bent figure and apparently feeble. He stumbled and would have fallen had not Ben sprung forward and held him up.
 
"Thank you, my boy," he said, in a tremulous voice.
 
"You seem feeble," said Ben compassionately.
 
"Yes, I am not strong."
 
"If you wish it I will accompany you to your house; you might fall again."
 
"What is your name?"
 
"Benjamin Bradford."
 
"Where do you board?" asked the old man abruptly.
 
"At No.！-Warren Avenue."
 
"I want to find a comfortable boarding-house. Do you think I could get in there?"
 
"Yes, sir; I know Mrs. Draper has a vacant room."
 
"Is she reasonable in her charges?"
 
"If she were not I could not afford to board there."
 
"I've a great mind to go there," said the old man.
 
"I wonder if he has money enough to pay his board regularly," thought Ben.
 
Just then a grandson of Mrs. Draper's, Charlie Hunting, a boy rather younger than Ben, came up.
 
"How are you, Ben?" he said.
 
"All right, Charlie. Do you know if your grandmother has let the bedroom on the second floor?"
 
"Yes, I know she hasn't."
 
"Would you like to go and see it, sir?" asked Ben.
 
"Yes," said the old man. "Is it far?"
 
"About half a mile; but we can take the cars."
 
"No, I can walk, if you will walk slow enough for me. I am not so young as I was."
 
"Certainly, sir. Charlie, if you are going home, just tell your grandmother that this gentleman is coming to look at her room. You needn't wait for me."
 
"All right, Ben."
 
"You are very kind to an old man; what did you say your name was?"
 
"Ben Bradford."
 
"Have you parents living?"
 
"No, sir, only an aunt and cousin."
 
"Are they well off?"
 
"Not very, sir. They got along very comfortably till lately, but now something has happened which makes me feel anxious. But I won't trouble you with it, sir."
 
"Tell me about it; I would like to hear it."
 
"For five years my aunt has occupied a small house, rent free. It belonged to her uncle. She has just got a letter saying that her uncle is dead, and demanding payment of rent for the last five years."
 
"What are you going to do about it?"
 
"I have written to the lawyer, telling him on what terms my aunt occupied her house！that is, rent free, on condition that she paid the taxes regularly."
 
"What was the uncle's name? I am a little acquainted in Montreal. Perhaps I may have heard it."
 
"His name was Matthew Baldwin."
 
"I have heard of him. He was a miserly old man."
 
"I don't know about that," said Ben.
 
"It seems to me you ought to look after the matter. Why don't you go to Montreal?"
 
"I can't spare the time or money," answered Ben. "Besides, we should certainly have heard of it if any property had been coming to us. I have written to the lawyer, and expect to hear something soon."
 
When they reached the boarding-house on Warren Avenue the old man appeared pleased with the vacant room. He haggled a little about the terms, but finally agreed to take it at the price set by Mrs. Draper. He gave his name as Marcus Benton, and too immediate possession.
Chapter XXXIII ！ Ben Receives a Commission
 In due time a letter came from Montreal. It was brief and not overcourteous. From it Ben learned that Mr. Baldwin had been dead for three weeks, and that all his property was left to a young man who claimed to be a distant relative. The name of the heir was John Tremlett. The letter concluded: "I can find nothing in the papers of the deceased confirming your statement that your aunt was allowed to occupy her house rent free. If you hold any proof of your assertions, you may forward it. Otherwise Mr. Tremlett will insist upon his claim."
 
This letter reached Ben on a Friday. It naturally caused him anxiety. He obtained permission to go to Milltown Saturday afternoon and spend Sunday. He desired himself to institute a search for the letter of which his aunt had spoken.
 
His aunt received him in tearful despondency.
 
"Oh, what shall we do, Benjamin?" said the widow.
 
"First, we must search for that letter of Uncle Matthew's."
 
"I know I'm to blame, Benjamin. I have brought ruin upon you and my poor, innocent Tony."
 
"You haven't ruined me, so you need not trouble yourself about that. Even if the letter cannot be found, I guess we shall live through it."
 
They hunted high and low; but the letter was not to be found. Ben was a good deal disappointed, but did not venture to say so, not wishing to increase his aunt's despondency. On Monday morning he went back to Boston, and told the bookkeeper.
 
"It seems quite desirable that you should go to Montreal, Ben," said young Porter.
 
"Of course that is out of the question, Mr. Porter."
 
"No; I think it can be managed."
 
Ben looked, as he felt, not a little surprised.
 
"It is some time," explained the bookkeeper, "since we sent an agent to Montreal. We have been thinking of sending some one up there, stopping at the principal towns on the way. You are rather young, but if I recommend you I presume my uncle will let you go."
 
Of course Mr. Porter, senior, had to be consulted. Though not a little doubtful about the expediency of sending so young a representative of the house, he finally gave his consent, which was communicated to Ben.
 
Ben was summoned to the countingroom, and received his instructions, with a sum of money for expenses. At three o'clock in the afternoon he was dismissed, though he was not to start till the next morning.
 
Old Mr. Benton's door was open when Ben returned.
 
"What brings you home so soon?" he inquired.
 
"I am going to Montreal," said Ben.
 
"Come in and tell me about it."
 
The old man, clad in a ragged dressing-gown, was sitting in a rocking-chair by the fire. The day was not cold, but his blood was thin, and he felt the need of some artificial heat. He was smoking a common clay pipe.
 
"Isn't this sudden！your going to Montreal?" asked Mr. Benton.
 
"Yes, sir; I think young Mr. Porter has made business there in order to give a chance to go?"
 
"What do you mean to do?"
 
"I shall attend first to the business of the firm, and then call on this lawyer, Mr. Brief."
 
"It is well thought of, and, Benjamin, try to get a chance to see the new heir, Mr. Tremlett, and find out what use he is making of his property."
 
"Yes, sir, I will."
 
"Have you money enough to pay your expenses, Benjamin?" asked the old man, rather hesitatingly.
 
"Oh, yes, sir; the firm provides for that."
 
"To be sure. Of course they ought to do it," said Mr. Benton, appearing to feel relieved.
 
"How long do you expect to be gone, Benjamin?"
 
"I don't know, sir; I am to stop in Burlington and one or two other places. I may be gone ten days."
 
"I shall feel lonely without you, Benjamin."
 
"I am glad you value my society so much."
 
"I am a lonely man, Benjamin; I have never had many friends, and I have outlived nearly all of those."
 
"You ought to have married, Mr. Benton; then you would have children and grandchildren to comfort you in your old age."
 
"I wish I had, Benjamin; but it is too late now."
 
"It is never too late to mend, Mr. Benton," said Ben. "Men older than you have married."
 
"Then they were fools," said Mr. Benton bluntly.
 
"Suppose you should be sick, sir?"
 
"I would hire a nurse. I am not rich, but I have enough to provide for the few years I have remaining."
 
"I must ask you to excuse me now, sir," said Ben. "I must buy a few things which I shall need."
 
Ben wrote briefly to his aunt, to let her know that he was about to start for Montreal. Mrs. Bradford was not a little discomposed.
 
"It's tempting Providence to send a child like Benjamin to a foreign country," she remarked to Mrs. Perkins, who had dropped in for a neighborly chat.
 
"Do you know how far it is, Mrs. Perkins?"
 
"About a thousand miles," answered her visitor, whose ideas about geography were rather misty.
 
"Suppose Ben should lose his way."
 
"Like as not he will," observed Mrs. Perkins.
 
"I shan't sleep a wink till Ben gets back. They ought to have sent somebody with him."
 
"Ben can get along," said Tony, who had implicit confidence in his big cousin. "He won't get lost."
 
"What does a child like you know about it?" said Mrs. Perkins rebukingly. "You shouldn't put in your oar when your mother and me are talking."
Chapter XXXIV ！ Solomon Brief
 On his arrival in Montreal, Ben ascertained where Mr. Brief's office was, but deferred going to see him. He felt very properly that he ought to attend to the business of his employers first, and then, when he could do so without detriment to their interests look after his own. He was very anxious to succeed. He knew very well that Jones & Porter had serious doubts about the expediency of sending so young a representative to Montreal.
 
In calling upon different booksellers he exerted himself to the utmost. Though but sixteen, his address was pleasing, his manner self-possessed and he was courteous and gentlemanly, so that he won favorable regards of those with whom he had business relations. The result was that he received quite a number of orders, which he at once sent forward by mail.
 
Thus three days were spent. On the morning of the fourth, he called at the office of Solomon Brief.
 
"What do you want, boy?" asked a clerk.
 
"I want to see Mr. Brief."
 
"His time is too valuable to be taken up by boys."
 
"If I had a clerk like you I would soon get rid of him."
 
"You would, hey?" blustered the young man, advancing threateningly.
 
Ben didn't budge and the clerk stopped short.
 
"Did you say you came on business?" he inquired.
 
"That I will tell Mr. Brief," said Ben firmly.
 
"You are from the States, aren't you?"
 
"Yes."
 
"That accounts for your impudence."
 
"I should know you were not from the States."
 
"Why?"
 
"Because you are so uncivil."
 
"Look here, young fellow, you'd better clear out, if you don't want to get kicked out."
 
"Who is to do the kicking?"
 
"I am."
 
"I wouldn't advise you to try it."
 
"Why not?"
 
"It wouldn't be prudent."
 
"Ho! ho!" laughed the clerk sarcastically.
 
"Once more," said Ben. "I request you to announce me to Mr. Brief. He is executor of Mr. Baldwin's estate, I believe."
 
"Yes."
 
"Why didn't you tell me that was your business?"
 
"I couldn't see that it mattered to you."
 
At this moment the inner door opened, and a tall man, with reddish hair and mutton-chop whiskers of the same hue, made his appearance.
 
"What's this Frederic? Who is this boy?"
 
"I wish to see you on business connected with Mr. Baldwin's estate sir," said Ben; "but this young man appears to have an objection to the interview."
 
"Why don't you bring him in?"
 
"I didn't suppose he had any business with you."
 
"Who constituted you a judge of that, sir? Hereafter leave me to decide. Boy, come in."
 
Mr. Brief threw himself into an office chair.
 
"Well, who are you?" he asked.
 
"My name is Benjamin Bradford."
 
"Well?"
 
"You wrote a letter to my aunt, Mrs. Jane Bradford, of Milltown, Massachusetts, not long since."
 
"Exactly. Do you represent her?"
 
"I do."
 
"Very well. Did you bring the three hundred dollars which she owes to the estate of my client?"
 
"No, sir."
 
"What then?"
 
"I came to repeat what I have written you, that my aunt was authorized to occupy the house rent-free."
 
"It was hardly worth while to come so far to say that," said Mr. Brief, with a sneer.
 
"I am here in Montreal on other business, and have taken the opportunity to see you about my own."
 
"Indeed! Then you are a business man?"
 
"I represent the firm of Jones & Porter, publishers."
 
"Humph! Can't they get any one but a boy to represent them?"
 
"That, sir, is their business," he answered emphatically. "I have not chosen to inquire whether my uncle could not have found a better lawyer to act as executor."
 
"You are impudent, young man!" exclaimed Solomon Brief, his face being as red for the moment as his hair.
 
"We have neither of us been overcivil," said Ben. "Suppose we come back to business."
 
"Come now, you're a cool one."
 
"Perhaps I am. I have always understood that coolness is desirable in business. May I inquire of what disease my uncle died?"
 
"It would serve you right if I declined to answer your questions after your impudence to me. However, I will overlook it this time. Your uncle committed suicide."
 
"Good gracious!" ejaculated Ben, who was quite unprepared for this announcement. "How did he do it?"
 
"He drowned himself."
 
"What could possibly have driven him to it?"
 
"Of that we are ignorant. He left a letter at his lodgings, directing me to open and carry out the provisions of his will, which he had deposited with me."
 
"May I ask what were the provisions of his will?"
 
"You seem to be curious."
 
"I have a right to be. My aunt and myself are among his nearest relations, if not the nearest. We had a right to suppose that we might be remembered in his will."
 
"You were not."
 
"You can understand that we wish, at all events, to know the contents of the will. We should have been apprised of his death sooner."
 
As a lawyer Mr. Brief understood that Ben was in the right, and he produced a copy of the will.
 
The will was brief. The entire estate of the deceased was left to John Tremlett with this provision, that for the first year only the income should be paid to him; afterward he was to come into full possession.
 
"It seems regular," said Ben.
 
"Of course it is regular. I helped him make the will."
 
"Who is Mr. Tremlett? I never heard of him."
 
"A second or third cousin. He was a sort of adopted son of Mr. Baldwin."
 
Just here the inner door opened by the clerk, who announced, "Mr. Tremlett, sir."
Chapter XXXV ！ John Tremlett
 John Tremlett was a dark-complexioned young man, rather above the middle height. He was by no means handsome; but plain faces are often attractive, and this young man's was not. His eyes were bloodshot, and even Ben's inexperienced glance could detect the marks of dissipation. He was expensively dressed and looked like one who made a business of spending money.
 
"How are you, Brief?" he said carelessly, throwing himself into a chair.
 
"In better condition than you are, I judge from your looks, Mr. Tremlett," responded the lawyer.
 
"I hope so. I feel awfully seedy," said Tremlett.
 
"Your own fault. You shouldn't keep such late hours."
 
"Oh, bother that, Brief! I must have a good time."
 
"You don't look as if you were enjoying your mode of life."
 
"Oh, I shall be all right when I get over my headache. Is this a client of yours?" glancing at Ben.
 
"He's a relation of yours, according to his own account," said Mr. Brief.
 
"Is he?" inquired Tremlett languidly. "Can't say I ever saw him before."
 
"Mr. Baldwin was my great-uncle," said Ben. "That is, he was an uncle of my aunt, Mrs. Jane Bradford."
 
"Indeed! Were you expecting a share of the property?" asked Tremlett suspiciously.
 
"I thought Mr. Baldwin might remember his niece."
 
"He hasn't, though."
 
"So I find by the will."
 
"Sorry for you; but, of course, Mr. Baldwin had a right to dispose of his property as he saw fit."
 
"I don't deny his right."
 
"Then you are not intending to dispute the will," said Tremlett, relieved.
 
"I never dreamed of doing it. I came about a house which my aunt has been occupying rent-free."
 
"What is it, Brief? Do I know about it?"
 
"It's a small house in Milltown, Massachusetts, which belongs to your uncle's estate. I found that Mrs. Bradford has paid no rent for it during the last five years, and accordingly sent her an invitation to pay up arrears."
 
"Has she done it?"
 
"No, sir," said Ben. "Mr. Baldwin permitted her to occupy the house rent-free."
 
"That is your assertion," said the lawyer.
 
"It is true," returned Ben quickly.
 
"Show it to me in writing, and that will end all dispute."
 
"I hope yet to do it, but thus far we have been unable to find Uncle Matthew's letter."
 
"That's all fair," said Tremlett. If the letter can't be found, the money must be paid.
 
"My aunt is utterly unable to pay it. She is poor."
 
"That is no excuse in law, my young friend," said Mr. Brief. "She must borrow the money then."
 
"Where?" asked Ben.
 
"That is not our lookout. As you are in business, perhaps you will advance the necessary sum."
 
"If I were able, and were satisfied of the justice of the claim, I would do so," answered Ben. "But I don't believe that Uncle Matthew intended that my aunt should be distressed by such a demand. Why should he have let the rent run on for five years if he expected her to pay it?"
 
"Can't say, I'm sure."
 
"How much is due?" asked Tremlett.
 
"Three hundred dollars," said Brief.
 
"Look here, young fellow," said Tremett, "Perhaps you and I can settle it. If you will pay me two hundred dollars cash down I will give you a receipt for the whole."
 
"Mr. Tremlett," said Mr. Brief stiffly, "you appear to forget that I am settling this estate. You have no authority to make such an offer."
 
"Wasn't the property left to me, I should like to know?" demanded Tremlett, blustering.
 
"Yes."
 
"Then why am I not authorized to make the offer, tell me that?"
 
"According to Mr. Baldwin's will you can only receive the income for the first twelve months."
 
"That's deuced hard on a fellow," said Tremlett.
 
"On the other hand, I think it is a prudent precaution."
 
"The old man was a tight-fisted old curmudgeon. He only wanted to annoy me."
 
The lawyer shrugged his shoulders, and Ben broke out indignantly, "I wouldn't speak in that way of a man who had left me all his fortune."
 
"Mind your own business, boy," retorted John Tremlett sharply. "Do you think I am going to stand your impudence?"
 
"I think it is just as well you have waited till after Uncle Matthew's death before speaking of him in that way."
 
"Don't let up on the boy! Make him pay every cent of the debt, Brief!" exclaimed John Tremlett angrily.
 
"Of course we shall follow up the matter, Mr. Tremlett."
 
"Have him arrested if he doesn't pay, Brief."
 
Ben smiled.
 
"You seem to forget, Mr. Tremlett, that I am not your debtor. The claim is against my aunt."
 
"Is that so, Brief?"
 
"The boy is right."
 
"I am sorry for it. I should like to hold him responsible."
 
"No doubt, Mr. Tremlett," said Ben; "but we can't always have our wishes granted."
 
"Leave the matter in my hands," said the lawyer. "I will do what is best."
 
"By the way, Brief," said John Tremlett, "I mustn't forget my errand. I want some money."
 
"Some money? I gave you two hundred dollars last week."
 
"Well, it's gone, and I want some more."
 
"Mr. Tremlett," said the lawyer gravely, "are you aware how much money you have spent during the last four weeks?"
 
"No, I have kept no account."
 
"Well I have. You have drawn eight hundred dollars."
 
"It costs something to see life."
 
"Perhaps so! but I cannot permit you to exceed your income！during the first year, at least. Thus far you have spent twice as much as you were entitled to draw."
 
Ben listened attentively. He had no idea of the extent of his uncle's property. If it yielded four hundred dollars a month, as he inferred, it must amount to nearly, if not quite, a hundred thousand dollars. And this young man was not content with that. Our hero could not help wondering at his unreasonableness.
 
"I don't see how I can economize," muttered Tremlett.
 
"What was your income before Mr. Baldwin's death, Mr. Tremlett?" inquired Mr. Brief.
 
"I starved on eight hundred dollars a year."
 
"Then it seems to me you aught to live comfortably now on five thousand."
 
"My circumstances are changed."
 
"At this rate you'll run through the property in ten years."
 
"Oh, I'll pull up after awhile," said the heir carelessly. "So just give me a couple of hundreds, old fellow!"
 
"I will hand you a hundred," said Mr. Brief reluctantly. "Hereafter you must keep within your allowance."
 
"You're getting to be as miserly as the old man," said Tremlett. "What's your name, boy?"
 
"My name is Benjamin Bradford."
 
"I suppose we are cousins, or something of that sort. Come out and take a drink."
 
"No, thank you. I never drink."
 
"You don't? What a prig you must be! Good-bye, Brief."
 
The heir left the office, and Mr. Brief turned to Ben.
 
"What do you think of your uncle's heir?" he inquired.
 
"I think he is going to ruin rapidly," answered Ben.
 
"You are right. The grub has become a butterfly, and the sober clerk has developed into a gay spendthrift. He was your uncle's clerk and distant relative. It would make the old man turn in his coffin if he knew how quickly his money is likely to melt away."
 
"Can't you check him?" asked Ben.
 
"For twelve months I can. After that I am powerless. I wish he were more like you."
 
"Thank you," said Ben, surprised at the compliment.
 
"My bark is worse that my bite," said the lawyer. "About this claim against your aunt I will do what I can for you, but try to find the letter you refer to. The sum is a small one."
 
"It is large to us."
 
"Just so; but my client would squander it in a week. Let me hear from you after you have returned and instituted a further search."
 
"Thank you, sir, I will write."
 
Ben left the office, judging Mr. Brief more favorably than at first. With John Tremlett, he was disgusted.
Chapter XXXVI ！ A Surprising Discovery
 "I suppose I have done all I can," said Ben to himself. "There will be no object in remaining in Montreal any longer."
 
He immediately purchased a ticket, and took the next train homeward. He arrived in Boston at mid-day.
 
He went at once to the store, and was cordially welcomed by the bookkeeper.
 
"I am glad to see you, Ben," said the young man. "My uncle is well pleased with the orders you have sent home."
 
"Then he is satisfied with me?"
 
"I leave him to tell you that. You can go at once into the countingroom."
 
Ben reported himself as directed.
 
"Welcome back, Ben," said the old gentleman. "Have you just arrived?"
 
"I reached the station twenty minuets ago, sir."
 
"And came directly to the store; I like that. How do you like drumming?"
 
"It requires patience, sir; but I like it. I hope you are satisfied with me."
 
"You have exceeded my anticipations. To be candid with you, I doubted the expedience of sending so young a representative."
 
"I know that, sir, and it made me work harder."
 
"I should have no hesitation in sending you again. In fact, I shall probably send you next month to New York and Philadelphia."
 
"I should like that very much, sir," said Ben, his eyes sparkling. "I shall try to satisfy you."
 
"I think you will," said his employer kindly. "I never doubted your fidelity. Now I feel assured of your capacity and tact. Have you any orders not yet reported?"
 
"Two or three small ones, sir."
 
"Give them to me."
 
This done, Mr. Porter dismissed Ben for the day. "You need not report for work till to-morrow morning."
 
Ben was glad to go to his boarding-house. On arriving there he received another cordial greeting, this time from Mr. Benton. The old gentleman seemed really delighted to see him, and eager to learn what he had accomplished. Ben began to speak of the orders he had received; but Mr. Benton interrupted him.
 
"I don't mean that," he said. "I want to hear about your own affairs. Did you see Mr. Brief the lawyer?"
 
"Yes, sir."
 
"How did you like him?"
 
"Not at all, at first, but better before we parted."
 
"How was that?" asked Mr. Benton, showing some curiosity.
 
At first he insisted strongly on the claim the estate has against my aunt; but after awhile he said he should not press the matter at present, and recommended us to look for Uncle Matthew's letter.
 
"You have searched for it, have you not?" asked Mr. Benton.
 
"Yes, sir; but so far without success. Still I haven't given up all hope of finding it. My motto is, 'Wait and Hope.'"
 
"I think it will all come out right," said the old man. "Did you see John Tremlett?"
 
"Yes, sir."
 
"Tell me about him," said the old man eagerly. "Ho does he look?"
 
"He looks like a fast young man," answered Ben. "I did not like him at all."
 
"Do you think he is spending money fast?"
 
"I know he is. How much money do you think he has drawn in a month?"
 
"Two hundred dollars?" suggested Mr. Benton.
 
"He had drawn eight hundred and spent it all, for he came into the office to ask for more."
 
"The young scoundrel!" exclaimed Marcus Benton, with an excitement which Ben could not understand. "Why he is making ducks and drakes of my old friend's fortune."
 
"Did you know Uncle Matthew?" asked Ben quickly.
 
"Yes," answered the old man. "I told you so, didn't I?"
 
"No, sir, you never told me that. Do you know John Tremlett?"
 
"Yes, I have seen him. He was a sober, steady young man apparently, who ingratiated himself with Mr. Baldwin, whom he deceived as to his real character."
 
"What relation was he to Uncle Matthew?"
 
"Very distant, but he seemed near, having been in his employ for several years. He collected rents and attended to other necessary matters."
 
"If he was ever sober and steady, he has changed a good deal."
 
"Did Mr. Brief give him the money he asked for?"
 
"Not all he wanted. He gave him one hundred dollars, and reminded him that he was only at liberty to pay over to him the income of the estate！that is, for the first twelve months."
 
"Quite right!" murmured Mr. Benton.
 
"He lectured him upon his extravagance and fast life, and warned him that he must check himself."
 
"He did right."
 
"What I dislike most about this John Tremlett was the way in which he spoke of Uncle Matthew," said Ben.
 
"How did he speak of him?" demanded Marcus Benton quickly.
 
"As a tight-fisted old curmudgeon."
 
"He did！the young viper!" exclaimed the old man indignantly. "Spoke so of the man who left him his fortune!"
 
"Yes, sir. I couldn't help telling him I thought it not very becoming to speak in that way of his benefactor; and he told me to mind my own business."
 
"I wouldn't have believed John Tremlett would act so," said Mr. Benton slowly; "I trusted him so, and always treated him kindly."
 
"You trusted him!" repeated Ben, astonished.
 
"My boy," said Mr. Benton, "the time has come for me to throw off the mask. I am not Marcus Benton, as you suppose. I am Matthew Baldwin."
 
"But I thought Mr. Baldwin was dead！committed suicide," exclaimed Ben, in wild amazement.
 
"The world thinks so; but the world is mistaken. I will tell you the whole story. I found myself getting old. In all probability I had but a few years to live. By industry and economy I had accumulated a fortune, which I must leave behind me. I was anxious that it should not be squandered. I selected John Tremlett as my heir. So far as I knew he was devoted to my interests, and he seemed steady in his habits. But it occurred to me to try him. Accordingly I sent a letter to my lawyer, Solomon Brief, who had my will in his possession, announcing my intention to commit suicide, and directing him to open the will and carry out the provisions. Then I left Montreal secretly, staying a short time in northern Vermont. Later I came on to Boston and managed to throw myself in your way. Not knowing me, you treated me with kindness and consideration. I became interested in you, and regretted that I had made no provision for you and your aunt. Through you I have learned how unwisely I disposed of my fortune. Thank Heaven it is not too late to remedy that.
 
"This seems like a romance, Mr. Benton！I mean, Uncle Matthew."
 
"Yes; call me uncle. I like to feel that I have somebody to live for."
 
"Come out to Milltown with me, Uncle Matthew. Aunt Jane will be delighted to see you," said Ben.
 
"I have work to do first," said the old man firmly. "I must go to Montreal, and you must go with me."
 
"I am not sure that Jones & Porter will allow me."
 
"Then throw up your situation. You shall lose nothing by it."
 
"When do you wish to start?"
 
"To-night," said Mr. Baldwin resolutely.
 
"Then I must go to the store, at once, and give notice of my absence."
 
Ben lost no time in going to the store. He explained matters fully, and obtained a week's leave of absence. Then he bought tickets for his uncle and himself, and they set out on their long journey.
Chapter XXXVII ！ The Dead Alive
 Mr. Brief was considerably surprised when Ben entered his office.
 
"I thought you had gone back to Boston," he said.
 
"I have been back to Boston, Mr. Brief, and returned to Montreal on business."
 
"Didn't you finish up your business here?"
 
"I thought so, sir; but I was mistaken."
 
"I am afraid you are not a very good manager. It looks to me like waste of time. What can I do for you?"
 
"A gentleman came with me, who thinks he would like to have you attend to a little business for him."
 
"Certainly," responded the lawyer bruskly. "I shall be happy to wait on him. Where is he staying?"
 
"At the Windsor."
 
"And you recommended me? I am much obliged to you. What is the gentleman's name?"
 
"Marcus Benton."
 
"Can't say I ever heard of him Is he from Boston?"
 
"He comes from Boston," answered Ben evasively.
 
In the hope of securing a profitable client, Mr. Brief lost no time in seeking the hotel.
 
"Remain here a moment," said Ben, as they entered the office, "and I will let Mr. Benton know you are here."
 
"Certainly," said the lawyer complacently.
 
In five minutes Ben reappeared.
 
"Follow me, if you please, Mr. Brief," he said. "By the way, Mr. Benton says he knows you."
 
"Mr. Benton knows me! It is strange I can't recall him," said Mr. Brief, trying to recollect.
 
"I think you will remember when you see him."
 
"Possibly; but I have no recollection on any gentleman of that name."
 
Ben and his uncle！to give him a name not strictly warranted by facts！occupied two rooms adjoining.
 
Ben ushered the lawyer into his own room, saying, "Mr. Brief, you must prepare for a surprise."
 
When, however, the so-called Marcus Benton entered the room, Mr. Brief sprang to his feet in great amazement.
 
"Can I believe my eyes?" he ejaculated.
 
"I think you can, Mr. Brief," said the old gentleman quietly,
 
"You are Matthew Baldwin."
 
"Precisely."
 
"And you are not dead?"
 
"Do I look as if I were?" asked Mr. Baldwin, smiling.
 
"What does it all mean?" asked Mr. Brief, bewildered.
 
"It means that I wished to try John Tremlett. I wished to ascertain whether he were worthy to inherit my fortune. What is your opinion?"
 
"My opinion," said the lawyer, "is that he would run through the property in five years. I am disgusted with him."
 
"How does he spend his money?" inquired Mr. Baldwin.
 
"In every kind of extravagance and every form of dissipation. At the rate he is going on, it is a question, in my mind, whether he or the property would last longer."
 
"I got that idea from my young friend here, who, by the way, knew of me only as Marcus Benton when he came first to see you."
 
"Of course you will resume possession of the property, Mr. Baldwin?"
 
"Such is my intention."
 
"I can give it back into your hands entire, with the exception of nine hundred dollars drawn by Tremlett, and your funeral expenses."
 
"My funeral expense!" exclaimed Mr. Baldwin, in surprise.
 
"Yes; a body was found in the St. Lawrence, which was supposed to be yours. It was buried with proper ceremony."
 
The old man smiled, but there was a certain sadness in the smile.
 
"It is, perhaps, only anticipating things a little," he said. "The expenses shall be allowed."
 
"Of course you wish Mr. Tremlett to be informed without delay."
 
"Yes."
 
"He is to come to my office in an hour."
 
"Can you let me witness the interview?"
 
"Yes, sir. You can conceal yourself in the inner room, and I will see him in the outer office, with the door ajar."
 
An hour later John Tremlett swaggered into Mr. Brief's office.
 
"Brief," said he, "I must have some money."
 
"Have you used up the hundred dollars I gave you four days since?"
 
"Every cent."
 
"I am afraid you squandered it."
 
"That is my business, Brief."
 
"You remember the warning I gave you at that time?"
 
"Come, Brief, you can't expect to keep me in leading-strings. I am seeing life, and of course I must pay for it."
 
"A pretty round sum, too."
 
"Oh, well, I am making up for lost time. Old Baldwin kept me so close that I had to live like a hermit for years. He starved me on eight hundred dollars a year！the stingy old file!"
 
"Apparently you want to live at the rate of ten thousand dollars a year now, Mr. Tremlett."
 
"Well, I can afford it for a year or two."
 
"You seem to forget that your income for the first year is not quite five thousand."
 
"Then my creditors must wait, I am going to have my fling."
 
"It would make Mr. Baldwin turn in his coffin if he were to know how you are wasting his substance."
 
"Very likely it would," said Tremlett, laughing heartily; "but there's one comfort, he can't come back to trouble us."
 
"Don't be too sure of that, John Tremlett," said a voice which struck terror to Tremlett's heart, and Mathew Baldwin walked out of the inner office.
 
The young man's face turned as pale as ashes, and his knees knocked together in his fright.
 
"Is it！you！Mr. Baldwin?" he ejaculated.
 
"Yes, it is I！your benefactor, the stingy old file, as you so gratefully call me," answered the old man sternly.
 
"Then！you！are！not dead!"
 
"Not at present. How long I may live I cannot say, but long enough, I hope, to do an act of justice."
 
"I am very sorry," stammered Tremlett. "Forgive me, sir."
 
"I may forgive you, because nothing has happened that cannot be remedied; but I shall never again trust you."
 
"Won't you take me back into your service, sir?" entreated John Tremlett desperately.
 
"Never!" said Mr. Baldwin emphatically.
 
"What will become of me?" ejaculated the miserable young man, shedding maudlin tears. "I am penniless."
 
"I will not wholly cast you off. I will authorize Mr. Brief to pay you eight hundred dollars during the next year, in monthly installments. I hope you will turn over a new leaf."
 
"I will, sir; I will indeed," said Tremlett; but Mr. Baldwin, knowing his past hypocrisy, did not put much faith in his penitence.
 
"I hope so, for your own sake," he said briefly. "You can go now, sir. At the end of a month you can come back, and Mr. Brief will pay you your monthly allowance."
 
"How can I live till then?" asked Tremlett. "Can't he pay it sooner? I have but a dollar left."
 
"Sell some of your jewelry, that diamond ring, for instance. It will maintain you till the money is payable."
 
John Tremlett left the office crestfallen, and cursing his foolish prodigality, which had lost him a fine fortune.
 
"What are your plans, Mr. Baldwin?" asked the lawyer. "Shall you remain in Montreal?"
 
"No, Mr. Brief; there is nothing to keep me here now. I shall make my home in the States. This boy I have tested and found to be true gold. He will not deceive me as John Tremlett has. With him and his aunt I propose to make my home for the little time I have left."
 
"A very fine boy!" said Mr. Brief, regarding Ben in quite a different light now that he was indirectly acknowledged to be a rich man's heir.
 
"I shall leave you to manage my property here, Mr. Brief, for the present at least. You will transmit the income to me as it accrues."
 
"You shall not repent your confidence, sir," said the lawyer. "How soon do you leave the city?"
 
"To-morrow. Will that suit you, Ben?"
 
"Oh, yes, Uncle Matthew."
 
"He is a lucky boy," thought Mr. Brief, as the two went out. "His future is provided for."
 
Chapter XXXVIII ！ Conclusion
 "Ben," said Mr. Baldwin, "let us talk over your plans.  Do you wish
 to remain at the store, or would you like to get a better education?"
"I would get a better education if I could afford it, sir."
 
"You can afford it on an income of a thousand dollars a year."
 
"A thousand dollars a year!" exclaimed Ben.
 
"That is the income I shall allow you. Out of this you will be expected to pay all of your expenses."
 
"How can I thank you, sir? Would you object to my giving Aunt Jane a part of the money?"
 
"Yes, I shall object."
 
Ben's countenance fell.
 
"But, Uncle Matthew," he said, "I don't like to live in luxury, while Aunt Jane is straitened."
 
"Your feelings do you credit, my boy; but I mean to take care of your Aunt Jane myself. She is my niece, and you！I am not sure whether you are related to me at all, but I want you to call me Uncle Matthew all the same."
 
"I shall like to, sir. No uncle could be kinder."
 
"That is well," said the old gentleman. "You know, Ben, I have no one else to care for. Now, do you think your Aunt Jane will be willing to move to Boston?"
 
"I am sure she will like it."
 
"Then I shall hire or buy a comfortable house, install her as mistress, require you to live with me while you are attending school, and tyrannize over you all."
 
There was a bright smile on the old man's face. He was looking forward to the new life with anticipations of a happiness and comfort which had long been strangers to him.
 
"How happy we shall all be, Uncle Matthew! Even Aunt Jane will forget to look on the dark side."
 
"I hope so, Ben. I think we can be happy together."
 
"There is one thing I forgot to tell you," he said later. "I shall expect you to pay your board out of your income, you know. If you fail to make regular payments, we shall have to bundle you out."
 
"I will remember," said Ben, smiling.
 
By arrangement Ben went up to Milltown alone to tell his aunt the news. He entered the little house with a sober face.
 
"I see you bring bad news, Benjamin," said Mrs. Bradford mournfully.
 
"You will have to leave the house, Aunt Jane."
 
"And go to the poorhouse! I knew it would turn out that way," and Mrs. Bradford put her handkerchief to her eyes.
 
"What's the matter?" asked Tony.
 
"My poor child," said his mother, "we are going to the poorhouse."
 
"Is that so, Ben?" asked Tony soberly.
 
Ben shouted with laughter. He could not hold back the truth.
 
"Aunt Jane," he said, "you always will anticipate the worst. Why don't you wait and hope?"
 
"What is the use, Benjamin?"
 
"Because it makes us happier, and often brings good fortune. Aunt Jane, you see before you a rich man."
 
"You're only a boy," said Tony. "You ain't a man at all."
 
"My income is a thousand dollars a year!"
 
"Is it possible, Benjamin?" ejaculated Mrs. Bradford, in amazement.
 
"It is more than that; it's true. You are coming to Boston to live, and I am going to board with you."
 
"The boy's crazy!" exclaimed Mrs. Bradford.
 
"Then there is a method in my madness, Aunt Jane. But I won't keep you in suspense any longer. Uncle Matthew isn't dead at all. He's taken a fancy to me, and is going to allow me an income of a thousand dollars a year. He will take care of you and Tony, too. He is going to hire or buy a house in Boston, and we are all going to live together. What do you say to that? Will you go, or do you prefer to go to the poorhouse?"
 
Mrs. Bradford made up her mind at once to go to Boston. No one had ever seen her so cheerful as she was for the remainder of the day.
 
Not to dwell upon details, in less than a month the little family was installed in a comfortable house in Boston. Tony had commenced attending school near-by, and Ben had been admitted to the Latin School, where he began to prepare for college in earnest. Porter & Jones were sorry to lose him, but agreed that he had chosen wisely in abandoning business for a school.
 
Ben is now an undergraduate at Harvard College, with a high rank for scholarship. He has not decided upon his future course; but it is possible that his uncle may purchase an interest for him, at graduation, in the firm where he served as a boy.
 
I cannot close without recording, with satisfaction, the great improvement that has taken place in Sam Archer. Always a bright and smart boy, in adversity he has gotten rid of his disagreeable traits and developed a business capacity which promises well for his future success. Ben has done him many favors, and the two are excellent friends. Of Mr. Archer nothing has been heard. It is rumored that he is living in an obscure town in France, on the proceeds of his defalcation. Sam promises to redeem the name which his father has sullied.
 
Uncle Matthew is several years older than when we first met him, but happiness has had the effect of making him look younger. He probably has several years of life yet before him. He is attached to his niece and Tony, who is now a bright schoolboy of twelve; but his chief attachment is to Ben, whose college career he follows with pride and satisfaction.
 
 
THE END

DISCLAIMER
 Except, of course, for Taffimai Metallumai, all characters in this book are fictitious, without intentional resemblance to any actual person, living or dead. The events described are made up out of whole cloth. The hotels, restaurants, companies, and other business enterprises herein mentioned are equally nonexistent. Two real institutions occur: the University of California and the Berkeley Police Department. There is no implication intended that either of these would condone all the actions and opinions of the imaginary people I have wished onto their payrolls.
 
Chapter 1
 Steel talked between roses. Kintyre parried Yamamura's slash; his riposte thumped on the other man's arm.
"Touch└!" exclaimed the detective. He took off his mask and wiped sweat from a long, high-cheeked face. "Or is it you who's supposed to say that? Anyhow, enough for today."
"You're not doing so badly, Trig," Kintyre told him. "And I have some revenge due for all those times you've had me cartwheeling through the air, down at the dojo."
Trygve Yamamura clicked his tongue. He stood over six feet tall, lanky, the Oriental half of him showing mostly in narrow black eyes and smoked-amber skin. "You would use sabers, wouldn't you?" he said.
Robert Kintyre shrugged. "A foil is for women and I'm not fast enough for an └p└e. Also, there's professional interest. A saber is a wee bit closer to the Renaissance weapon."
"I think I'll stick to Japanese swords."
Kintyre nodded. He was a stocky man of medium height, with straight dark hair above a square, snub-nosed, sallow-complexioned face. His eyes were gray under level brows, and set unusually far apart; there was little else to mark him out physically, until you noticed his gait. To an only slightly lesser degree than Yamamura's, it had the indefinable compactness of a judo man.
They stood in a garden in Berkeley. Walls enclosed them: the main house, now vacant while its owner and family were on vacation; the three-room cottage to the rear which Kintyre rented; a board fence strewn with climbing blossoms on either side. Overhead lay a tall sky where the afternoon sun picked out the vapor trail of a jet sliding above San Francisco Bay.
"I agree, Samurai swords make these look like pitchforks," said Kintyre. "But you can't do much with them except collect them. Too damned effective!"
Yamamura removed his padded coat and fished for his pipe. "You off work now?" he asked.
"Yep. Last bloody paper corrected, last report in, term's over, and I'm not teaching again till fall. It's great, though impoverished, to be free."
"You're making a pack trip into Kings Canyon, aren't you?"
"Uh-huh. Bruce Lombardi and I were supposed to leave tomorrow. Only what the devil has become of Bruce?" Kintyre scowled. "His girl called me last night, said he'd left the day before！Saturday！and hadn't come back yet. She was worried. I'm beginning to be."
"Hm." Attentiveness flickered up in Yamamura. His agency, small and new, had no engagements at the moment. However, he spoke with no more than friendly concern. "Is it like the kid to go tearing off that way? I don't know him especially well, he's just somebody I meet now and then at your place."
"That's the point," said Kintyre. "It is not like him. The department head inquired about it this morning. Bruce hasn't turned in the grades for two of his classes; and he's disgustingly reliable, normally." He paused. "On the other hand, he's having his troubles these days and！anyhow, I hesitate to！"
Footsteps sounded in the driveway. A trim quasi-military shape came around the house.
"Officer Moffat," said Yamamura. He had belonged to the Berkeley force until he set up for himself. "What's happened?"
"Hello, Trig," said the policeman. He turned to the other. "Are you Professor Robert Kintyre?"
"Assistant professor only, no cobwebs yet." Why did he answer with a bad joke, he wondered！postponing something?
"How do you do. I'm sorry to bother you, sir, but we're trying to identify a young man who was found dead this morning. I was told that someone of his description was a teaching assistant in the history department, and that you knew him best."
The voice was sympathetic, but Kintyre stood very quietly for a moment. Then: "I know a lot of young men, but perhaps！Bruce Lombardi?"
"That's the name I was given," said Moffat. "I'm told you were his faculty adviser."
"Yes." Kintyre pawed blindly after a cigarette, meeting only his jacket. "How did he come to die?"
"If it is him. Do you think you could identify him for us? I warn you, it isn't pretty."
"I've seen dead men before," said Kintyre. "Come on." He started toward the street.
"Your clothes," said Moffat gently.
"Oh, yes. Yes. Thanks." Kintyre fumbled at his equipment. He threw it on the grass. "Put this junk away for me, will you, Trig?" His voice was uncertain. "I'll call you later."
"Sure," said Yamamura in a low tone. "Call me anytime."
Kintyre followed Moffat to the police car. It nosed off the shabby-genteel residential street and into southbound traffic. Moffat, at the wheel, pointed to the cigarette lighter.
Kintyre put tobacco smoke into his lungs and insisted: "What happened?"
"He seems to have been murdered." Moffat's eyes flickered sideways along his passenger's wide shoulders, down to the thick wrists and hands. "We'll go to headquarters first, if you don't mind, and you can talk to Inspector Harries."
In the following time, at the office, Kintyre answered many questions. Inspector Harries seemed to have little doubt who his corpse was, but much uncertainty about everything else.
"Bruce Lombardi. Age twenty-four, did you say? Five feet nine, slender build, brown eyes, curly brown hair！m-hm. Did he wear glasses?"
"Yes. He was nearsighted. Horn rims."
"What kind of clothes did he ordinarily pick?"
"Anything he got his hands on. He was a sloppy dresser. I remember！no, never mind."
"Please tell me, Dr. Kintyre. It may have some bearing."
"Hardly. This was about five years ago. I was an assistant bucking for an instructorship, he was a freshman with a major in my department！history, did I tell you? There was some kind of scholastic tea or something！semiformal！you know. He showed up in a secondhand tweed jacket and an old pair of khaki wash pants. He honestly thought they were suitable for！Never mind. It seemed funny at the time."
Kintyre stubbed out his cigarette (the fifth, sixth, twentieth?) and took a deep breath. He was letting this run away with him, he thought. He was yattering like an old woman, shaken into brainlessness. It was not as if he had never encountered death before.
He groped toward the teaching of the dojo, the judo school. Judo is only in part a sport; it is also a philosophy, the Gentle Way, with many aspects, and the first thing to learn is to relax utterly. The passive man is prepared for anything, for he can himself become anything.
But it was an unreal attempt. Kintyre's interest in judo was a superficial growth of a few years; his roots lay in the West. He understood with sudden bleakness why Bruce's death had so clamped on him: once again someone he cared for was gone, and the horror he had borne for two decades stirred toward awakening.
"Don't you feel well, Dr. Kintyre?"
Harries leaned over the desk, politely concerned. "I'm sorry to put you to a strain like this. If you want to rest a while！"
"No." Kintyre mustered a degree of steadiness. "I was a bit shaken, but！Go ahead. If Bruce really was murdered, I certainly want to give you any help I can finding who did it."
The inspector regarded him thoughtfully. "You and he were pretty close, weren't you?"
"In a way. He was almost eleven years younger than I, and had lived a！limited life. Not sheltered in the usual sense, his family being poor, but limited. And he was such a peaceful fellow, and his life since entering college had been mostly books. It made him seem even younger."
Kintyre sighed. "We got to be about as friendly as one can get under such circumstances," he finished. "Maybe I looked on him as a son. Not being married, I can't be sure of that."
"Did he ever say anything which led you to believe that he might be in serious trouble?"
"No. Absolutely not. That is, I knew his older brother hung！hangs around with a dubious crowd over in San Francisco, and it distressed him, but he never implied anything really bad was involved."
"Let's see." Harries looked at some notes. "I gather he left his, uh, girl friend's place about six P.M. Saturday, telling her he had business over in the City and she shouldn't wait up. She got worried and checked with you Sunday evening. And he was found by a patrol car this morning, at daybreak, on the bank of the old frontage road, near the Ashby Avenue turnoff."
"You've worked fast," said Kintyre. Or did I tell you all this? he wondered. There are a few minutes which I remember only hazily. I was so busy fighting myself.
"What did you do over the weekend?" asked Harries in a casual tone.
"Oh, let's see！Saturday morning I puttered around down at the yacht harbor, doing some work on my boat. I went home in the afternoon, graded papers and so on, went out at night and had a few beers with a friend！Dr. Levinson of the physiology department. Sunday morning I took a sail on the Bay, and later finished my paperwork. Shortly after Miss Towne had called me, I was invited over to Gerald Clayton's suite at the Fairhill. We had some drinks and talked till quite late. This morning I turned in my last reports to the University, came home, and was horsing around with Trig Yamamura when your man arrived."
"You seem pretty well alibied," smiled Harries. "Not that we suspect anyone on this side of the Bay."
"Why not?"
Harries' mouth tightened. "Dr. Kintyre, you'll undoubtedly be asked a great many more questions in the next several days. Get the worst over with now. Then go out with some friends and have a lot more drinks. That's my advice."
They shook hands, feeling it was a somehow theatrical gesture, and thus being embarrassed without knowing how to avoid it. Moffat drove Kintyre through miles of city, down to that place in Oakland where the dead man was kept.
They entered a chill room. Kintyre took the lead, compulsively. He went to the sheeted thing and uncovered it.
After a while he turned around. "Bruce Lombardi," he said. "Yes."
"I'm sorry you！Oh, hell." Moffat looked away. "He was a sort of handsome young chap, wasn't he? Thin regular features and so on. I'll bet his parents were proud of him."
"They paid his undergraduate expenses," mumbled Kintyre. "Since then he went ahead on scholarships and assistantships, but those were four high-priced years for a poor family."
"And now they'll see this. Hell." Moffat stood with fingers doubled together, talking fast. He himself was rather young, more shaken than his superiors would have wished. "Look at those burns！marks！He's like that all over. He was never unconscious once, unless he passed out now and then！no blackjack marks, no chloroform, just rope bruises. Then when he was dead, the murderers cut off his fingers and hacked his face some more, to make it harder for us to identify. Stuffed him into an old coat and pair of pants and left him half in the tidewater. Twenty-four years of age, did you say? This is what the old Lombardis have to show for their twenty-four years. Jesus Christ. I'll bet I have to take his father in here."
"You think it was a sadist?"
"Oh, sure, I don't doubt at least one of the murderers got his kicks. It takes a cracked brain to do something like this！even for money. Yes, I feel pretty sure it was a professional job. Most of the torture was systematic, almost neat, for a definite purpose. You can see that. When they reached their purpose, when he talked or whatever it was, they cut his throat！neatly！then mutilated him for a good logical reason, to make it harder for us, and disposed of the body in regular gangland style. They shouldn't have dumped him in Berkeley. The Berkeley force sees so many University people we automatically thought a nice-looking young fellow like this might belong on the campus, and checked. But that was their only mistake. Mine was going in for a job where I'll have to show this to his father."
"Must you?"
"It's the law. I wish it weren't."
Moffat moved to pull back the sheet, but Kintyre was there first. Covering Bruce's face made a kind of finality. Though the real closing curtain had fallen hours ago, he thought, when Bruce lifted hands torn, broken, and burned, to take death for his weariness. And afterward they cut his fingers off. Maybe the curtain had not been rung down yet.
Chapter 2
 By the time Kintyre got back, it was close to sunset. He entered a book-lined living room. There were a few good pictures, a small record player, his sabers hung on the wall by Trig, the furniture bought used or made out of old boxes！otherwise little. He did not believe in cluttering life with objects.
He poured himself a stiff drink. Glenlivet was his only expensive luxury. He sat down to savor it and perhaps think a little about Bruce. There was no solid reason why the boy should have made so large a niche in Kintyre's existence, but somehow he had. The emptiness hurt.
When the phone rang, Kintyre was there picking it up before consciousness of the noise registered. He was not surprised to hear Margery Towne's voice.
"Bob? You know?"
"Yes. I'm sorry. I wish to hell I could tell you just how sorry."
"I can guess." Her tone was flattened by the control she must be keeping on it. "We both loved him, didn't we?"
"I think everybody did."
"Somebody didn't, Bob."
"I suppose you heard through the police?"
"They were here a few minutes ago. Do they know everything?"
"Probably I gave them your name. They came to me first, for the identification."
"They were very nice about it and all that, but！"
Silence whistled remotely over the wires.
"Bob, could you come talk to me? Now?"
"Sure, pony. Give me half an hour."
Kintyre hung up one-handed, starting to undress with the other. He went through a shower and put on a suit in ten minutes.
Margery's apartment was catercorner from his, with the University between. He parked his battered '48 De Soto on the near side of the campus and walked across, hoping to hoof out some of the muscular tightness and set his thoughts in order.
Level yellow light came through eucalyptus groves to splash on a cropped greensward and pompous white buildings, almost bare of mankind in this pause between baccalaureate ceremonies and summer classes. Kintyre reflected vaguely that he would have to go through Bruce's desk, finish his work, yes, and complete his study of the Book of Witches.... His mind drifted off toward a worried practical consideration. What could he do about Margery?
He wanted to help her, if he could！double damnation, hadn't he tried before? At the same time he was not, repeat not, going to get himself involved. It would be unfair to both of them.
There were rules of the game, and so he had played it with her. You left wives and virgins alone: well, she was long divorced, and had slept around a bit since then. You neither gave to nor took from a woman. You made it perfectly clear you weren't interested in anything permanent. And when you broke it off, after a pleasant few months, you did it cleanly: he had the best excuse in the world, back in 1955, an academic grant that returned him to Italy for a year of research in his specialty, the Renaissance. (But she had been very quiet, the last few weeks; sometimes at night he had heard her trying not to cry.) Back home again, you didn't resume old affairs: you were simply friendly, on such occasions as you happened to meet.
Yes, of course. Only then she took up with Bruce, and Bruce had wanted to marry her, and she had plainly been considering it, and now Brace was dead and Kintyre was on his way to console her. Could you walk in her door and say: "Hello, I still subscribe to the why-buy-a-cow philosophy so be careful, now you may weep on my shoulder"?
He realized he was sucking on a dead cigarette. He threw it away and stopped to light another. He was almost under the building which housed his own department.
"Good evening."
Kintyre looked up. Jabez Owens was walking toward him.
"Hello," he answered. "How are you? Excuse me, but I've got to！"
Owens reached him and took his hand. "My dear old chap," he said in his most Harvard accent, "I'm awfully sorry."
"Hm?"
"Young Lombardi. I saw it in the papers. You know?"
"Yes." Kintyre looked coldly at Owens. The writer was a tall man, the breadth of his shoulders attributable only in part to his tailor. He had straight ruddy features, dark wavy hair graying at the temples, blue eyes behind wrought-iron glasses, tweedy clothes with a scarf filling the V of the jacket, and a small calabash pipe in one pocket.
"I know he was murdered," said Kintyre, watching the other's face.
"Terrible. I remember once in Sumatra！but that was long ago. See here," said Owens candidly, "I know you know of my disagreements with the poor young fellow. Why, it was only！when? Thursday night we were at that party at Clayton's. You must have heard us quarreling over his silly thesis. But this! De mortuis nil nisi bonum."
Kintyre did not like Owens. It was not so much the scholar raising his hackles at a rather lurid popularizer. What the devil, Owens' books stirred up some public interest; they passed on some information, however distorted; and that was more than you could say for the average historiographic monograph. But during the whole week he had been in Berkeley, one long theatrical performance had gone on, with Jabez Owens the plot, dialogue, director, producer, star, supporting cast, and claque. It grew monotonous.
Wherefore Kintyre said maliciously: "I'll be completing that thesis for him. Doubtless I too will be forced to include a side glance at those Borgia letters of yours. But it'll take me a while, I don't have all the facts and deductions at my fingertips as he did. So I suggest you hurry to Hollywood and get that movie started."
Owens laughed a well gauged laugh, neither too loud for this posthumous argument nor too small to sound genuine. "I'd love to take you on," he said. "Nothing I like better than a good verbal fight, and that's what the boy was giving me. As a matter of fact, I may be staying here a few more days. Or maybe not. But what I really stopped you for was to offer my sympathy and ask if I could help."
"What with?" asked Kintyre. It stuck him as a bit of a coincidence that Owens had happened to be passing by this special building at this moment.
"Oh, I don't know. Nothing, I suppose. You seem headed toward his, ah！" Owens paused delicately！"his fianc└e's place. I gathered from someone's remark, she lives in this area."
"Uh-huh."
"Charming girl. Poor Lombardi. She is so good a reason for not dying. Please give her my regrets. Ah！a moment more, if you will."
"Yes?" Kintyre was turning to go; he stopped.
Owens flushed. "Don't misunderstand me. It's none of my business, certainly. But I'd say at a guess I am a good fifteen years older than you, and perhaps！I suppose I needn't advise you. But I do want to help you. And her. See here, take her out tonight. I know they were living together. There'll be too many memories at her home." He nodded, almost awkwardly. "Pardon me. I have to go now. I'll be seeing you."
Kintyre stared after him. The deuce you say! I didn't think you had a genuine bone in your body.
He glanced at his watch. He was late. His steps lengthened, a hollow noise on the sunset pavement.
Past the elaborate south gate, down a few shop-lined blocks of Telegraph Avenue, then left, slightly uphill, along a street of rooming houses and small apartments. Margery's flat was here; or should you say it had been Bruce's? He had gotten his mail, discreetly, at another address (which must now be overrun with sight-seers)！but this was Theirs.
Kintyre went upstairs. Margery opened her door at his buzz and closed it again behind him.
Bruce had moved in with her during the Christmas holidays, half a year ago now, but the interior was still hers, airily modern. Starting on bluff and nerve and a jerkwater college's art degree, she had made herself important to a local firm of decorators. Bruce would have lived happily in a cave, if it had had book-shelves.
And yet somehow, thought Kintyre as he waited for Margery to speak！somehow, she had reshaped the place around him. The piano he played so well stood tuned for him; by now, most of the records were ones which he had shown her！quietly, even unconsciously！were good to have. She had matted and hung one of his inkbrush sketches, a view from Albany Hill toward the Golden Gate, whose contours brought you back for a second look.
And, of course, nearly all the books were his, and she had made an offside room into a study for him. When you added it up, maybe only the clothes and the parakeet were altogether her own.
I never affected her like this, thought Kintyre. Margery's apartments always felt nervous before. Somehow Bruce made this one peaceful.
"Hello," he said, for she was evidently not going to speak first.
"Hi." She went over to a glass-topped coffee table and opened a cigarette box. "Thanks for coming."
"No thanks needed," he said. "Could be you'll help me more than I will you."
She looked at him for a moment, and he realized it had been a tactless answer with too many unwanted implications. But then she picked up a cigarette and flicked a lighter to it. "Drink?" she asked.
"Well！you drink too much, pony."
"Perhaps you don't drink enough," she said.
"I like the taste. I don't like being drunk."
"You're afraid to lose control, aren't you? Sometimes, Bob, I think that explains you. To you, life is a ride on a tiger, and you've got to keep the reins every minute."
"Let's have none of these bad amateur psychoanalyses," he said, following her into the kitchen. He came up behind her and laid his hands on her waist. "And let's not fight. I'm sorry, Marge. I'm sorry for Bruce and for you."
Her head bent. "I know, Bob. Don't bother with words." She put the cigarette to her lips, took a puff of smoke, blew it out, lowered the cigarette, and twisted about between his hands. Her lips brushed his cheek. "Go on, I'll mix. I want to keep busy."
He returned to the living room and prowled out his unrest for a few minutes. The piano caught his gaze, he saw ruled bescribbled sheets and went over to look. Margery found him thus, when she came in with two glasses. "Sit down," she invited.
He regarded her through careful eyes, trying to judge her needs！and her demands, for his own warning. She was a trifle on the short side, her figure was good though tending to plumpness, and even he could appreciate the effect of her simple green dress. Her face was broad, with a slightly pug nose, very full lips, blue eyes under arched brows, a few freckles: "pert" was the word. Reddish hair fell in a soft bob just below the ears, which carried extravagant hoops.
He nodded at the piano. "So Bruce was composing again," he said.
"He was putting some poetry of his sister's to music, for some kind of little theater deal she has in preparation, over in the City."
"How was he doing? I can't read music."
"Listen." She sat down at the piano. "I'm a lousy player myself, but this will give you the idea."
Darkness was smoking in through the walls. She had to peer close to see the notes; her hands stumbled on the keys. And yet she created something gentle for him. Afterward the sounds tinkled in his memory like rain in a young year.
She ended it with a destructive sweep of her knuckles across the board. As the jangled basses fell silent, she said roughly: "That's all. He never finished it."
"I wonder！" Kintyre remembered not to sit on the couch; he found a chair. "I wonder if the world may not have lost even more than you and I, Marge."
"I don't give a four-lettering damn about the world," she told him. She crossed the room and snapped the light switch. The sudden radiance was harsh to them, they both squinted. "I'd settle for having Bruce back."
"So would I. Naturally." He accepted the drink she offered and took a long swallow. It was heavy on the whisky and light on the soda. "And yet he was a scholar of unusual gifts. He even (he, my student) changed my opinions about some aspects of Machiavelli's thought！emphasized the idealism！he would, of course. I remember him quoting at me, '... the best fortress is to be found in the love of the people.' Isn't that exactly the sort of thing which would stick in Bruce's mind?"
"'The best fortress.'" She stared into her glass. "It didn't help him much, did it?"
Kintyre groped for another cigarette. He was smoking too much, he thought; he'd have a tongue like a fried shoe sole tomorrow.
"How much do you know?" he asked.
"Only a little." The eyes she raised to him from the couch were desperate. "Bob, what happened? Who did it to him?"
"I can't imagine," he said tonelessly.
"But！could it have been an accident, Bob? Maybe by mistake for someone else！could it have been?"
"Perhaps." I lie in my flapping front teeth. You don't use pliers on a man without getting his name straight.
"What was in the paper?" he asked. "I haven't seen."
"I don't know. I've been sitting here, ever since the policemen came. They asked me if I could guess！God!" She emptied her glass in three gulps.
"Could you?" he murmured. "I find it hard to conceive of anyone who might hate Bruce."
"There was Gene Michaelis," she said. "I've been thinking and thinking about him. He and his father. I met them once."
"Yes. I'd forgotten that. But Michaelis is a cripple now, remember? He couldn't！"
"Bruce was called over to San Francisco. Someone called him on the phone. Don't forget that. I can't forget it. I sat here while he talked! He didn't say what it was about, he just left. Took the train. He seemed excited, happy. Said he'd be out late and！" Margery's breath snapped into her lungs. "Bob! Gene Michaelis, sitting there and waiting for Bruce to come in！and those great ugly hands of his!"
Kintyre got up and went over to the couch. He sat down on its arm, next to her. She felt blindly for his fingers; her own were cold.
"The police think Bruce was killed by professional criminals," he said. "Can you imagine any reason why?"
"No." Her head shook. "No. Only Gene Michaelis！he swore that accident was Bruce's fault. He almost had Bruce thinking so. You didn't see Bruce then. You didn't see how he was affected by it, his old friend biting at him like a dog, accusing him and his sister of！" She gave Kintyre a blurred look. "That was how Bruce and I started to live together. There was nothing else that would help him. He'd already proposed to me. I didn't want to get married again！to him！to get married. And he'd had no thought in his silly head of being anything but a gentleman. Sure. I practically shanghaied him into bed with me. What else would get that thing off his mind, Gene Michaelis lying on the highway with both legs mashed? Gene was the only person who ever hated Bruce, and just being hated nearly destroyed him. He couldn't have made any other enemies！knowingly！he wasn't able to!"
That's not quite true, thought Kintyre briefly. Jabez Owens.
Margery's voice had risen raggedly, and her nails bit his palm. He stood up, pulling her after him by the wrist, and said: "Come on. We're getting out of here."
"What?" She blinked at him, as if waking from sleep.
"You're tired and scared and lonesome and hungry, and none of it is good. We're going out to dinner, and we'll talk about Bruce or whatever else you want, but we're going out."
"I have to work tomorrow," she protested.
"Cannonballs! Tell 'em you're down with Twonk's Disease and need the rest of the week off. Now grab your purse."
She followed him then, shivering. He drove her car slowly, to give her and the drink within her time; he spoke of trivia.
She hung back a moment when he had parked outside one of Oakland's first-class restaurants. "You can't afford this, Bob," she said.
"If you mention money once again, I'm going to wash your mouth out with five-dollar bills," he snapped. "Old greasy ones."
She smiled. "You know," she said, "you aren't so unlike Bruce after all. I remember how he also used to go out of his way for people. And then once when I tried to praise him for it, he answered, 'Ah, I'm no God damned saint.'"
"Sounds like Bruce," agreed Kintyre.
"He worshiped you," she said over the cocktails. "Did you know how much? You were everything he could dream of being, a traveler, an athlete, a scholar. He was even thinking of doing his military service in the Navy, because that's where you were. And then you treated him as an equal! You did more to make him happy than anyone else."
"I'd say you did," he parried, embarrassed.
"You know you pushed that affair." She was a little drunk, he saw, but no harm in that: under better circumstances, he'd have called it a happy drunk. "Remember how he and I first met? You were pub crawling with him one evening last year after you got back from Europe. You ran into me at the mulled-wine place; I was eating piroshki and looked very unglamorous, but I thought I'd have some fun with you！oh, hell, Bob, I thought there might be a chance to make you jealous！so I gave Bruce a big play. And you were delighted!"
"I thought he needed a girl friend," he said. "There's more in life than books and beer."
"You pander," she chuckled. "I'll bet you gloated when you found we were living in sin."
He shrugged. "If you can call it sin. Actually, Bruce was a very domestic type. I hoped you'd marry him."
"Sure," she said. "So I'm a very domestic type too, aren't I！ain't I！Bob, I know you don't like to dance, and your dancing is awful, but shall we try it just once before dinner?"
Afterward, when brandy and coffee were completing the meal, she said: "I'm still not sure if I was in love with Bruce or not. I always liked him. I think I was beginning to love him."
"I should imagine it would be hard not to, under the circumstances."
"He was the first man I ever knew who was！(a)！" she ticked the points off on her fingers！"interesting; which the solid citizens back in Ohio were not, not to me anyway！(b) reliable, which the local Bohemians are not."
"Please! Call me what else you will, but not a Berkeley Bohemian."
"You don't count. You're in a classification all by yourself. 'Reliable' was the wrong word. What do I mean? Faithful; steady; loving. I guess that's it. Loving！not himself, like most of these perpetual undergraduates; not！whatever you love, Bob, there must be something but I've never found out what unless it's that sailboat of yours. Bruce was loving of me. Loving all the world, but including me."
"You could call him tender," agreed Kintyre. "And yet he was a man. We took some rough hikes and pack trips, during the years we knew each other; and lately, after I got him interested in judo, he was doing very well. In the course of these amusements I've seen him get damaged now and then, sometimes rather badly. But he never admitted feeling any pain."
"I guess you'd consider that a virtue," she said.
They parked in the hills, with the Eastbay cities like a galaxy of stars below them, San Francisco an island universe across darkness. She sighed and leaned against him. He wondered, dimly alarmed, why he had come here.
"What are you going to do?" she asked him.
"Me? In the next few days, you mean? Oh, wind up his University work. Call on his family; haven't seen them in a long time now. What about you?"
"Carry on. What else is there?"
"I don't know," he said in his helplessness.
She turned to him and her fingers clawed at his coat. "Bob, don't take me back to my place," she whispered. "Not tonight. Don't leave me alone."
"Huh? But！"
"I know, I know, you're afraid I'll trap you！you conceited baboon. For Christ's sake, let me sleep on your floor tonight, I won't touch a hair of your sanctimonious head, but don't leave me alone!"
For the first time since he came to her, she began to cry.
The telephone woke him. He turned over, not wholly oriented. There was a woman sleeping beside him, wearing a pair of his pajamas. Where had he picked her up? Wait. Margery!
She slept very much like a child, curled in a ball. The pale foggy morning light touched a line of dried tears on her cheek. Kintyre remembered how she had clung to him. Nothing else had happened; she might have been his terrified young！No! That was a thought he clamped off before it had formed. Let it be said only that he had been a friend to her last night, and no more.
He was already padding into the kitchen, to pick up the phone before it woke her. "Hello," he said.
"Dr. Kintyre? Moffat."
"Oh！oh, yes, the officer. What is it?"
"I wondered if you knew what's become of Miss Margery Towne. She isn't at home." The voice had a bland none-of-my-business-but-I-do-need-help overtone. Had he spotted her car outside the house?
"I might be able to locate her, if it's urgent," said Kintyre cautiously; for it was in truth none of Moffat's business. "What's the trouble?"
"Burglary."
"What?"
"A neighbor heard noises in her place last night. Stewed about it for several hours, got no answer to the doorbell, finally called us. Our man had to go up the fire escape and in a broken window. The thief's route. It's a mess in there."
"The devil you say!"
"The devil it might be, sir. There were valuables, jewelry and so on, lying in plain sight. They don't seem to've been touched. I suppose the burglar was looking for something else. Have you any idea what it might have been?"
Chapter 3
 Kintyre returned home about noon. Gerald Clayton caught him on the phone with an invitation to lunch. Kintyre accepted readily. He had his share of false pride, but not so much that he wouldn't let a millionaire pick up the tab for a good meal.
The Fairhill Hotel sat in a swank area on the knees of the summer-brown hills walling the Eastbay. Kintyre parked his hand-me-down among mammaried Cadillacs and rump-sprung Plymouths and strolled into the lobby.
Clayton rose from a chair. "Ah, there, Bob, how are you?" He shook hands and moved toward the elevator. "Thought I'd have lunch sent up. But if you'd like a drink beforehand！"
"No, thanks. Maybe a bottle of beer with the meal. Uh, what's the occasion of all this?"
"We've things to talk about. Not too urgent, I guess, but I'm going to be tied up over in the City." Clayton took Kintyre's arm. "Anyhow, I felt like having some company for lunch."
He was fifty, still broad in the chest and erect in the spine, though his custom-made suit worked hard to disguise a beginning paunch. His grizzled auburn hair, brushed straight back, covered a long narrow head; nose and chin jutted out of a creased sinewy face which must once have been rather handsome. His eyes were deeply set, a darting dragonfly blue, without any burden of glasses. Kintyre liked him in a way, and felt sorry for him in a way, and sometimes wondered what the man was really thinking about.
"I heard about young Lombardi," said Clayton in the elevator. "It's a terrible thing."
"The police been after you too?" Kintyre's manner was abrupt; he didn't feel like more emotional scenes.
"I had one interview. They weren't interested in my alibi at all. What a disappointment: I had such a beautiful one. Witnesses to every waking hour. I came to Berkeley about noon Saturday, had a long conference with the manager of a local motorcycle agency, and a theater party which lasted late. Sunday I was at church, then I played golf, in the evening you were over for drinks, and Monday I went back to the City and spent all day in the office."
The elevator stopped and they got out and went down a long corridor. A little puzzled and annoyed, Kintyre said: "You protest too much."
Clayton opened his door. "I'm sorry," he answered. "I was trying to lighten my own mood, and it came out sounding as if I were trying to be funny. Bruce was a good kid."
He called room service. Kintyre's gaze strayed idly around the suite. Actually, Clayton's Bay Area interests centered in San Francisco. For the past several months he had kept an apartment there, while he went through the preliminary maneuvers of establishing a local branch of his import house. But the Eastbay was enough of a market in itself to justify Clayton in frequently staying at the Fairhill for days on end.
Though his latest checking in had been on Thursday, the suite bore little trace of him. His San Francisco rooms were just as impersonal; Kintyre doubted that the New York penthouse or the luxurious flat in Rome had been given more of a soul. There were four pictures, which apparently went wherever Clayton did: a thin blonde woman, with a washed-out kind of prettiness, who had been his first wife; and two young men and a girl, the children she had given him. Otherwise, nothing but business mail and business documents could be seen.
Oh, yes, Clayton smoked expensive cigars, and he had developed enough patter to get by in social circles whose small talk included the opera or Sartre's latest pronunciamento. But he had left no books lying around, only a news magazine; no chess set or cards or half-completed crossword puzzle; no private correspondence！well, if a man wanted to be simply a cash register, it was his privilege.
But Clayton wasn't that either, thought Kintyre. Something of the brash young salesman (where was it he started, Indianapolis? Some such place) and the construction-gang foreman of worsening days and the minor executive in a Midwestern wholesale house！something of what Margery would label "Babbitt," with all of her own class's glibness in labeling！remained in the transoceanic entrepreneur. Yes. But something else must have developed too. Kintyre had never quite discovered what. It was one reason he accepted most of Clayton's invitations.
"Okay, lunch will be on its way. Siddown, Bob."
Kintyre crossed his legs by the window and took out a cigarette. Clayton chose a cigar. "Do the police have a lead on Bruce's murder?" he asked.
"How should I know?"
"You were his best friend." Clayton's eyes locked with Kintyre's and held steady. "The boy wasn't killed for fun. Somehow, he asked for it. If we knew what he was doing in, say, the last week of his life！"
"Hm. You have a point. He was seeing a good deal of you also, wasn't he?"
"Yes. That's the main reason I asked you over today, Bob. Perhaps between us we could reconstruct most of his movements." Clayton chuckled. "Not that I think we'd solve the crime ourselves or any such nonsense, but organized information might help the police."
"Well！" Kintyre's memory walked backward into darkness. "Let me think.... We were pretty busy till last week, with term's end and the start of final exams. After that it gets irregular, if you're on a faculty. You might have two exams on one day, and then none for three days. So Bruce had a certain amount of leisure all week. Huh！a week ago last Sunday！didn't he mention something about having gone across the Bay to see you?"
"He did." Clayton looked at a note pad. "He came up to my apartment to ask if I couldn't fix his older brother up with a job."
"So?"
"So I know that type. I'd met him, once before. I said no. Bruce got mad when I wouldn't even interview this Guido character."
Kintyre smiled. "I know what you mean. It's a side of him that not many people saw. He seldom lost his temper, but when it happened, it was awesome. I hope you kept yours."
"It wasn't easy," said Clayton. "Actually, this was not the first time we'd talked about the brother. There was once, some months ago！but I don't recall the details."
"I believe I remember. It came up ┐ propos des bottes in my office, when you and he and I were discussing the Book of Witches, didn't it? He mentioned having this brother who spoke Italian. You doubted Guido would be qualified for any very responsible position. Yes, it comes back to me now, you got almost obnoxiously smug about how you had started from zero and so could anyone else."
"Less than zero in my case," said Clayton. His mouth twitched downward, ever so faintly.
"It riled Bruce," said Kintyre. "But he got over his mad fast enough. He was almost too reasonable for his own good."
"That sounds contradictory. I shouldn't think a really reasonable man would ever get angry."
"I beg to differ. Some things, it's unreasonable not to get furious about. Atrocities, including some governments whose existence is an atrocity. Or getting back to Bruce, there was the Point Perro incident several months ago."
"What was that?"
"Oh, nothing very important, I suppose. Point Perro is about sixty miles south on the coast highway. Uninhabited, though it's on any good map. Just a headland with a beach below, private property, fenced off, but I happen to know the owner and have his permission to use it. As isolated a spot, as primeval, as you'll find outside the High Sierras. Bruce and I took our sleeping bags down there for a weekend of surf casting. It has a deep-dropoff where the fish are apt to congregate at high tide. We found somebody had been dynamiting them, which had not only wasted and slaughtered fish but ruined some of the rock formations. Bruce followed the tire tracks above the cliffs, saw that the dynamiters had headed south, and insisted on following; He was quite ready to beat up on them himself. All we actually accomplished was to roust out the authorities, which spoiled our whole Saturday; but it never occurred to him to do less."
Kintyre sighed. "I suspect that he crusaded himself to his death, in just that manner."
"Let's return to our timetable," suggested Clayton. "Bruce stormed out of my place that Sunday night, but he did agree to come back the next afternoon. I said I'd think it over meanwhile, and he could bring Guido to see me after all."
"What happened?"
"They came together. I saw right off Guido was hopeless. Quite an amusing guy and all that, but once a bum always a bum. However, I made polite noncommittal noises. Hell, maybe I'll open a night club someday, and Guido can sing in it. That would be okay." Clayton drew on his cigar. "I didn't see Bruce again till that little party here Thursday night. Can you fill in the meantime?"
"Mmm！I had it all sorted out in my mind！yes. The Monday you speak of, I introduced Jabez Owens to Bruce. We all talked for about an hour in my office. Otherwise I think he just had a routine day, till he went over to your apartment."
"Tuesday?"
"More routine, except that Owens showed up as agreed and lent him the Borgia letters. Bruce took them home that night to look over."
"Oh, yes, those two were having quite an argument about it at the party. What's the deal, anyway? I didn't quite follow. Talking to Professor Ashwin most of the time, myself."
"Well, you know Owens is a writer, specializing in historical nonfiction on the popular level."
"I've heard the name, is all."
Kintyre drew the long breath of an experienced lecturer.
"Owens was a best seller in the late 1930's," he said. "Since the last official war, though, his sales have slipped. A couple of years back, he recouped with a thing called Magnificent Monster: The Life and Times of Cesare Borgia. Its scholarship is superficial！to put it kindly！but he has a flamboyant style and he dished up the sex and sadism with a liberal hand. All the old libels on Lucrezia are there, and so on. But it was a sensational seller even in hardback; the presses had trouble meeting the demand for pocket editions; and now Hollywood wants to film it as one of their more expensive superepics."
"So?" Clayton looked bored. "Good for him, but what has all this to do with Bruce?"
"Give me time. Prior to writing the book, Owens spent some months in Italy, allegedly doing research. He came back with certain letters he claims to have tracked down in the archives of a noble family！letters to and from Cesare, linking him with a cult of Satanists and all sorts of picturesque orgies and abominations.
"The correspondence stirred up a bit of professional controversy. If forged, it's skillfully done, and the noble family in question has been well bribed and well rehearsed. I suspect that is the case, myself. However, Owens has not unnaturally used the chance, not just to brag himself up as a scholarly detective, as if he'd found another cache of Boswell papers！he makes it pivotal to his whole book."
"Ah, yes. And now my Book of Witches manuscript！"
"Disproves it. The Book of Witches is unquestionably genuine, and certain statements in it pretty well clinch matters. La vecchia religione had been rooted out of the Romagna, even out of Liguria, long before Cesare Borgia was as much as a gleam in his daddy's apostolic eye. Therefore Owens' letters must be spurious. Either Owens had them cooked, or Owens was taken for a sucker himself.
"When he established this, some time back, Bruce wrote to the man. That was Bruce, of course. Give the poor chap a chance to back out gracefully, before publishing the evidence that will smear him over the landscape. Owens replied politely enough, asking for personal discussions. And so he arrived Sunday a week ago, en route to Hollywood from New York, and here he's been ever since."
"I shouldn't think he could keep the producer waiting like that," said Clayton.
"He has no firm commitment yet: only an invitation to come out and talk things over. A Piltdown-type scandal might cause the studio to back off. After all, if they want to do a life of Borgia, it's in the public domain. They don't have to pay Owens a nickel！unless, of course, they use the witch-cult material, in which case they'll doubtless pay him a fat sum and engage him as technical adviser to boot."
"Uh-huh." Clayton's eyes paled with thought.
"I keep getting sidetracked," complained Kintyre. "Also hoarse. I do want that beer now."
"In a minute, Bob. Let's continue this session first. You say Bruce took these letters home Tuesday night."
"Yes. I gathered he saw Owens again on Wednesday and returned them with the remark that he saw no reason to change his mind. There must have been quite an argument. I was at the dojo that evening, didn't see him till Thursday night, as a matter of fact. Then, of course, you had him and me and some of our colleagues！and Owens！up here for that stag party."
"I collect scholars," grinned Clayton.
Kintyre wondered if it might not literally be true. In the upper levels of the European business world, where Clayton spent half his time, a man was not respected for his money alone; he would get further if he could show some solid intellectual achievement. Clayton was hardly a social climber, but he must know the practical value of such kudos.
Any rich oaf of an American could buy paintings. Clayton was a bit more imaginative: he took up incunabula. And he invited specialists in, gave them liquor and sandwiches, turned them loose on each other, and sat around picking up the lingo.
And what's wrong with that? thought Kintyre. Any Renaissance dignitary patronized artists and scholars in much the same way, for much the same reasons. So the Renaissance had its Leonardo, Rafael, Michelangelo！We throw our creative people out into the market place to peddle themselves to the general public. What do we have? Rock 'n' Roll.
He jerked back to awareness. The other man was speaking: "！chemical tests. Owens said he wasn't going to let priceless relics be destroyed. It sounded phony to me."
"That was a real dogfight those two had." Kintyre shook his head admiringly.
"Never mind that now. Have you any information on Bruce's later movements?"
"Why, Friday he and I were both working hard. Saturday too he must have been. Yes, Friday afternoon was the last time I saw Bruce alive. We only said hello in passing. Margery Towne tells me he was home that evening and Saturday afternoon, otherwise apparently at the University."
"And that's all we can find out?" Clayton grimaced. "Not a hell of a lot, is it? Unless Miss Towne can tell！"
"One more thing," said Kintyre. "It may not be relevant. But her apartment was burgled last night."
The cigar dropped from Clayton's mouth. He bent over to pick it up, jerkily. His movements smoothed as Kintyre watched; when he raised himself and ground out the butt, his craggy face was under control.
"Surprised?" murmured Kintyre.
"Yes. Of course. What happened? What was taken?"
"That's the odd part. Nothing she knew of. Someone had broken in and made a hooraw's nest; but he, she, or it hadn't taken any silverware or jewelry, nothing."
"Uh." Clayton looked at his hands, folded in his lap, then back again, sharply. "How about papers?"
"We thought of that. The desks and drawers had been rooted through, all right, but nothing seemed to be missing."
"Would she know all about Bruce's papers?" Clayton fired the query like a policeman. "Don't stall, you damned Edwardian. I know she was his mistress."
"I don't happen to like that word in that particular connection," said Kintyre gently. "However！she hadn't seen all of Bruce's letters and notes. He kept them in a couple of cardboard filing boxes. They didn't seem even to have been opened, though."
"Did you look in to make sure?"
"No. Should we have?"
"I guess not." Clayton rubbed his chin. "No, I wouldn't bother. Because the burglar was evidently looking for something he thought might be in the apartment, but which wasn't. Something that might be in a desk or a bureau drawer, but was too large to fit into a filing box or a！any such thing."
"As what?" challenged Kintyre.
He had already guessed the answer: "The Book of Witches is a fairly big volume."
Kintyre nodded. He was on the point of repeating what Margery had said to him, when they stood in the ruins after the police had gone.
She poured herself a drink with shaking hands. A sunbeam splashed pale copper in her still tousled hair. She said: "That bastard. That crawling bastard. Why didn't I tell the cops?"
"Who?"
"Owens, of course! Who d'you think would come sneaking in here? What might we have of any use to anybody, except that old book Bruce was studying！the one that could torpedo Owens and his big movie sale and his precious reputation. Owens came in here to try and find that book and take it and burn it!"
She tossed off her drink neat, poured another and glared at Kintyre. "Well?" she snarled.
"Well, it's a serious accusation to make," he replied.
"Serious my left buttock! You know what that snake already tried to do? He tried to bribe Bruce! Bruce told me about it. Friday after that stag party, Owens came to his office and talked all around the subject and！oh, he was pious-sounding enough about it, he knows his euphemisms. But he offered Bruce five thousand dollars to suppress his findings about witches in Italy. Five thousand bucks！Christ, the movies can pay him a quarter of a million!"
"I take it, then, you're insulted by the size of the bribe."
The attempt to jolly her didn't come off. She said viciously: "Bruce boiled over. He was still boiling when he came home. He told Owens to his face, he'd write an article about his research the minute he returned from your pack trip！he'd inform the newspapers, so the whole public could know the truth！Bob!"
It was a scream in her throat.
"What is it?" he cried, turning toward her in alarm.
"Bob！do you think.... Oh, no, Bob!"
"What's the matter?" asked Clayton.
Kintyre shook himself. "Nothing. The manuscript is still with us, naturally," he said in a flat voice. "Bruce kept it in his office. I stopped by today and locked it in a safe."
"Owens！"
"Look here," said Kintyre angrily, "I went through this once before, with Miss Towne. I don't hold with talebearing. The police are competent, and have the essential facts already. Unless more evidence turns up to change my mind, I see no reason to run to them with any sordid little story of academic intrigue which can't even be proved."
However, his brain continued, while I'm in no position to pay fees, Trig isn't very busy these days. He may enjoy looking into the recent movements of a murder suspect.
There was a knock on the door and a bellboy wheeled in lunch.
Chapter 4
 Not until evening was Kintyre free to cross the bridge into San Francisco. He had spent hours on Bruce's uncorrected papers, and talked with Yamamura, who said he would sniff around, and he had called Margery on the phone to see if she was all right.
"Come over and take potluck, Bob," she said. He sensed loneliness. But！hell's boiling pots, she made him feel cluttered!
"I'm afraid I can't," he evaded. "Commitments. But take it easy, huh? Go visit someone, go have a cup of espresso, don't sit home and nest on your troubles. I'll see you soon."
He poured himself a small drink after hanging up and tossed it off. Then he changed into his darkest suit and got the car rolling. Personally, he would not have placarded a loss on his clothes, but Bruce's parents were from the Old World.
As he hummed along the freeway and over the great double span of the bridge (Bruce must have been carried dead in the opposite direction, wedged in a corner so the tollgate guard would think him merely asleep; doubtless the police were checking the memories of all night shift men) Kintyre rehearsed the career of the Lombardis. Bruce was the only one he had really known, though he had been over there for dinner a few times. The parents had been very respectful, innocently happy that their son should be friends with a Doctor of Philosophy. His mother made good pasta....
There wasn't much to remember. Angelo Lombardi was a Genoese sailor. Chronic hard times were not improved when his son Guido came along. Nor did he see much of his young wife. (Did Maria's years of being mostly alone in a dingy tenement, with nobody to love but one little boy, account for what Guido had become?) In 1930 the family arrived as immigrants at San Francisco. Here Angelo worked in the commercial fishing fleet; here Bruce and the daughter were born; here he saved enough money to buy his own boat; here he lost it again in a collision！by God, yes, it had been a collision with Peter Michaelis' single craft. Feeling the years upon him, Angelo used the insurance money to start a restaurant. It had neither failed nor greatly prospered: it gave him a living and little more.
Yet Angelo Lombardi had remained a man with hope.
Kintyre turned off at the first ramp, twisted through the downtown area, and got onto Columbus Avenue and so to North Beach. Hm, let's see！a minor street near the Chinatown fringe！uh-huh.
The sky was just turning purple when he stopped in front of the place: Genoa Caf└ set in a two-story frame building perpetrated, with bays and turrets, right after the 1906 fire. It was flanked by a Chinese grocery store, full of leathery fragrances, and a Portuguese Baptist mission. A sign on the door said closed. Well, the old people would be in no mood for discussing the various types of pizza tonight.
Yellow light spilled from the upper windows. Kintyre found the door to the upstairs apartment and rang the bell.
A street lamp blinked to life, a car went by, a grimy urchin watched him impassively from a doorway across the road. He felt much alone.
He heard feet coming down the stairs, a woman's light quick tread. Expecting Maria Lombardi, he took off his hat and bowed in Continental style when the door opened. He stopped halfway through the gesture and remained staring.
Morna, he thought, and he stood on the schooner's deck as it heeled to the wind, and she was grasping the mainmast shrouds with one hand, crouched on the rail and shading her eyes across an ocean that glittered. Her yellow hair blew back into his face, it smelled of summer.
"Yes?"
Kintyre shook himself, like a dog come out of a deep hurried river. "I'm sorry," he stammered. "I'm sorry. You startled me, looked like someone I used to！" He pulled the chilly twilight air into his lungs, until he could almost feel them stretch. One by one, his muscles relaxed.
"Miss Lombardi, isn't it?" he tried again. "I haven't seen you for a couple of years, and you wore your hair differently then. I'm Robert Kintyre."
"Oh, yes. I remember you well," she said. Her mouth turned a little upward, its tautness gentling. "Bruce's professor. He spoke of you so often. It's very kind of you to come."
She stood aside to let him precede her. His hand brushed hers accidentally in the narrow entrance. Halfway up the stairs, he realized he was holding the fist clenched.
What is this farce? he asked himself angrily. Nothing more than straight blonde hair, worn in bangs across the forehead and falling to the shoulders. Now in the full electric light he could see that it wasn't even the same hue, a good deal darker than Morna's weather-bleached mane. And Corinna Lombardi was a mature woman！young, he recalled Bruce's going over to the City last month for her twenty-second birthday party！but grown. Morna would always be thirteen.
Corinna had been nineteen when he saw her last, still living here and working in the caf└. That was at a little farewell dinner the Lombardis had given him, before he departed for his latest year in Italy. They had wanted him to look up Angelo's brother Luigi, the one who had made a success in the old country as a secret service man. Kintyre had visited Luigi a few times, finding him a pleasant sort with scholarly inclinations, most interested in his brilliant nephew Bruce, with whom he corresponded.
At any rate, Kintyre had had too much else to think about to pay much attention to a quiet girl. By the time he returned, as Bruce told him, she had left home after a spectacular quarrel with her parents. That was soon repaired！it had only been a declaration of independence！but she had kept her own job and her own apartment since then.
The rambling of his mind soothed him. At the time he did not realize that, down underneath, his mind was telling itself about Corinna Lombardi. It decided that she had few elements of conventional prettiness. She was tall, and her figure was good except that the shoulders were too wide and the bust too small for this decade's canons. Her face was broad, with high cheek-bones and square jaw and straight strong nose; it had seen a good deal of sun. Her eyes were greenish-gray under heavy dark brows, her mouth was wide and full, her voice was low. She wore a black dress, as expected, and a defiant bronze pin in the shape of a weasel.
Then Kintyre had emerged on the landing, and Angelo Lombardi！thickset, heavy-faced, balding！engulfed his hand in an enormous sailor's paw. "Come in, sir, please to come in and have a small glass with us."
Maria Lombardi rose for the Doctor of Philosophy. Her light-brown hair and clear profile told whence her children had their looks; he suspected that much of the brains had come from her too. "How do you do, Professor Keen-teer. We thank you for coming."
He sat down, awkwardly. Overstuffed and ghastly, the living room belonged to a million immigrants of the last generation, who had built from empty pockets up to the middle class. But families like this would eat beans oftener than necessary for twenty years, so they could save enough to put one child through college. Bruce had been the one.
"I just came to express my sympathy," said Kintyre. He felt himself under the cool green appraisal of Corinna's eyes, but could not think of words less banal. "Can I do anything to help? Anything at all?"
"You are very kind," said old Lombardi. He poured from what was evidently his best bottle of wine. "Everyone has been so kind."
"Do you know what his room was like, the past half of a year, Professor?" asked Maria. "He never invited us there."
I rather imagine not, thought Kintyre wryly. "Nothing unusual," he said. "I'll bring you his personal effects as soon as I can."
"Professor," said Lombardi. He leaned his bulk forward very slowly. The glass shivered in his fingers. "You knew my son so well. What do you think happen to him?"
"I only know what the police told me," said Kintyre.
Maria crossed herself. She closed her eyes, and he did not watch her moving lips; that conversation didn't concern him.
"My son he was murdered," said Lombardi in an uncomprehending voice. "Why did they murder him?"
"I don't know," insisted Kintyre. "The police will find out."
Corinna left her chair and came around to stand before the men. It was a long stride, made longer by wrath. She put her hands on her hips and said coldly:
"Dr. Kintyre, you're not na?ve. You must know murder is one of the safest crimes there is to commit. What's the actual probability that they'll ever learn who did it, when they claim they haven't even a motive to guide them?"
Kintyre couldn't help bristling a trifle. She was tired and filled with grief, but he had done nothing to rate such a tone. He clipped off his words: "If you think you have a clue, Miss Lombardi, you should take it to the authorities, not to me."
"I did," she said harshly. "They were polite to the hysterical female. They'll look into it, sure. And when they see he has an alibi！as he will!！they won't look any further."
Maria stood up. "Corinna!" she exclaimed. "Basta, figliolaccia!"
The girl wrenched free of her mother's hand. "Oh, yes," she said, "that's how it was with the policeman too. With everybody. Don't pick on the poor cripple. Haven't you been enough of a jinx to him? Don't you see, that's exactly what he thinks! That's why he killed Bruce!"
An inner door opened, and a man entered the room. He was thirty years old, with a strong burly frame turning a little fat. He was good-looking in a dark heavy-lipped way, his hair black and curly, his eyes a restless rusty brown, nose snubbed and jaw underslung. He wore tight black trousers with a silver stripe, a cummerbund, a white silk shirt open halfway down his chest; he carried a cased guitar under one arm.
"Oh," he said. "I thought somebody'd come. Hello, Doc."
"Hello, Guido," said Kintyre, not getting up. He had nothing personally against Bruce's older brother, who had been quite a charming devil the few casual times they met. However！"He who does not choose the path of good, chooses to take the path of evil," said Machiavelli's Discourses: and Guido had been an anchor around more necks than one.
"Don't get in a bind, kitten," he said to his sister. "I could hear you making with the grand opera a mile upwind."
She whirled about on him, shaking, and said: "You could let him get cold before you went back to that club to sing your dirty little songs."
"My girl, you speak the purest B.S., as Bruce would have been the first to tell you." Guido smiled, took out a cigarette one-handed and stuck it in his mouth. "I was out of town the whole weekend, just when the cats go real crazy. If I don't make with it tonight, the man will ignite me, and what good would that do Bruce?" He flipped out a book of matches, opened it and struck one, all with the same expert hand.
Corinna's gaze went from face to face, and a beaten look crept into it. "Nobody cares," she whispered. "Just nobody cares."
She sat down. Lombardi twisted his fingers, looking wretched; Maria folded herself stiffly into a chair; Guido leaned on the doorjamb and blew smoke.
Kintyre felt, obscurely, that it depended on him to ease the girl. He said: "Please, Miss Lombardi. We don't mean that. But what can we do? We'd only get in the way of the police."
"I know, I know." She got it out between her teeth, while she looked at the floor. "Let George do it. Isn't that the motto of this whole civilization? Someday George isn't going to be around to do it, and we'll have gotten too flabby to help ourselves."
It paralleled some of his own thinking so closely that he was startled. But he said, "Well, you can't declare a vendetta, can you?"
"Oh, be quiet!" She looked up at him with a smoldering under her brows. "Of course I don't mean that. But I know who must have done it, and I know he'll have some kind of story, and no one will look past that story, because he seems like such a pathetic case. And he isn't! I know Gene and Peter Michaelis. They got what was coming to them!"
"Too much!" roared Lombardi. "Now you be still!" She ignored him. Her eyes would not release Kintyre's.
"Well?" she said after a moment.
He wondered if it was only her misery which clawed at him, or if she was always such a harpy. He said with great care: "Well, in theory any of us could be guilty. I might have done it because Bruce was！going around with a girl I used to know. Or Guido here！jealousy? A quarrel? I assume we have merely his word he was out of town on Saturday and Sunday. Shall we also ask the police to check every minute of his weekend?"
The man in the doorway flushed. "Dig that," he said slowly. "So you're going to！"
"Nothing of the sort," rapped Kintyre. "I was trying to show how a private suspicion is no grounds for！"
Guido took a long drag on his cigarette, snuffed it in a horrible souvenir ashtray, and left without a word. They heard his footfalls go down the stairs.
"I am so sorry, Mister Professor," faltered Lombardi.
"Niente affatto, signor." Kintyre stood up. "All of you are worn out." He essayed a smile at Corinna. "You were echoing some of my own principles. We pessimists ought to stick together."
She did not even turn her face toward him. But her profile was one he could imagine on Nike of Samothrace, the Victory which strides in the wind.
"I've always thought principles should be acted on," she told him sullenly.
"Corinna!" said Maria. Her daughter paid no attention.
Kintyre took his leave in a confusion of apologies. When he stood alone on the dusky street, he whistled. That had been no fun.
But now it was over with. He could let things cool down for a week or so, then deliver Bruce's possessions, and say farewell with an insincere promise to "look you up soon, when I get the chance." And there would be an end of that.
But he had thought for a heartbeat she was Morna come home to him.
His fingers were wooden, hunting for a cigarette; he dropped the pack on the sidewalk before getting one out. He could feel the first onset of the horror, moving up along the channels of his brain.
Sometimes, he thought with a remnant of coolness, sometimes distraction could head off the trouble. If he could get involved in something outside himself, and yet important to himself, so that his whole attention was engaged, the horror might retreat.
He yanked smoke into his lungs, blew it forth, tossed the cigarette to the paving and stamped on it. Then he went into the grocery. There was a public phone on the wall, he leafed through the directory until he found the name.
Michaelis Peter C.
Chapter 5
 He didn't call ahead, but drove on down. When he parked and got out, he saw Coit Tower whitely lit above him, on the steep art-colony heights of Telegraph Hill. Not many blocks away was Fisherman's Wharf, a lot of tourist pits and a few authentic restaurants. But here he stood in a pocket of slum, before a rotting rattrap tenement. A single street lamp a block away cast a purulent light at its own foot. Elsewhere the night flowed. He heard the nearby rattle of a switch engine, pushing freight cars over iron; a battered cat slunk past him; otherwise he was alone.
He walked across to the house with forced briskness, struck a match and hunted through several grimy scrawls on mailboxes before Michaelis' name came to him. Number 8.
The main entrance was unlocked. The hall, dusty in threadbare carpeting, held dim electric bulbs. He heard noises through some of the doors, and smelled stale cooking. A glance told him Number 8 must be upstairs. He climbed, only now starting to wonder just how he planned to do his errand.
Or what his errand was, if it came to that.
Bruce had never spoken much to him of Gene Michaelis. They had been children together on the waterfront. Bruce was a year younger, doubtless a quiet bookish sort, teacher's pet, even then！but apparently unaffected by it, so that he was not disliked. Still, he must have been lonely. And Gene was a rough-and-tumble fisherman's son. Nevertheless, one of those odd fierce boy-friendships had existed between them. Bruce had probably dominated it, without either of them realizing the fact.
In time they drifted apart. Gene had left high school at sixteen, Bruce had said, after some whoopdedo involving a girl; he had tramped since then, dock walloper, fry cook, bouncer, salesman！he found it easy to lie about his age. Now and then he revisited the Bay Area. His return from Navy service had been last summer, when Kintyre was still in Europe; Kintyre had never actually met him. Gene had looked up Bruce in Berkeley, and through Bruce renewed an acquaintance with Corinna, and after that Gene had moved over to San Francisco.
Number 8. Kintyre heard television bray through the thin panels. He looked at his watch. Past ten o'clock. Oh, hell, let's play by ear. He knocked.
Feet shuffled inside. The door opened. Kintyre looked slightly upward, into a lined heavy face with a thick hook nose and small black eyes and a gray bristle of hair. The man had shoulders like a Mack truck, and there wasn't much of a belly on him yet. He wore faded work clothes. The smell of cheap wine was thick around him.
"What do you want?" he said.
"Mr. Michaelis? My name's Kintyre. I'd like to talk to you for a few minutes."
"We're not buying any, and if you're from the finance company you can！" Michaelis completed the suggestion.
"Neither," said Kintyre mildly. "Call me a sort of ambassador."
Puzzled, Michaelis stood aside. Kintyre walked into a one-room apartment with a curtained-off cooking area. A wall bed was opened out, unmade. There were a few chairs, a table with a half-empty gallon of red ink on it, a television set, a tobacco haze, much dust and many old newspapers on the floor.
Gene Michaelis occupied a decaying armchair. He was a young, black-haired version of his father, and would have been rather handsome if he smiled. He wore flannel pajamas which had not been washed for some time. His legs stuck rigidly out before him, ending in shoes whose heels rested on the floor. Two canes leaned within reach. He was smoking, drinking wine, and watching the screen; he did not stop when Kintyre entered.
"I'm sorry the place is such a mess," said Peter Michaelis. He spoke fast, with an alcoholic slur. "It's kind of hard. My wife's dead, and my son has to live with me and he can't do nothing. When I get home from looking for work, all day looking for a job, I'm too tired to clean up." He made vague dusting motions over a chair. "Siddown. Drink?"
"No, thanks." Kintyre lowered himself. "I came！"
"I was already down in the world when this happened last year," said Michaelis. "I owned my own boat once. Yes, I did. The Ruthie M. But then she got sunk, and there wasn't enough insurance to get another, and well, I ended up as a deckhand again. Me, who'd owned my own boat." He sat and blinked muzzily at his guest.
"I'm sorry to hear that. But！"
"Then my wife died. Then my son come back from the Navy, and got himself hurt real bad. Both legs gone, above the knees. It took all the money I had to pay the doctors. I quit work to take care of my son. He was in a bad way. When he got so he could look after himself a little, I went looking for my job back, only I didn't get it. And since then I haven't found nothing."
"Well," said Kintyre, "there's the welfare, and rehabilitation！"
Gene turned around and said a short obscenity.
"That's what they'll do for you," he added. "They found me a job basket weaving. Basket weaving! Kee-rist, I was a gunner's mate in the Navy. Basket weaving!"
"I'm a Navy man myself," ventured Kintyre. "Or was, after Pearl Harbor. Destroyers."
"What rank were you? A brown-nosing officer, I'll bet."
"Well！"
"A brass hat. Kee-rist." Gene Michaelis turned back to his television.
"I'm sorry," muttered his father. "It's not so easy for him, you know. He was as strong and lively a young fellow as you could hope to see. God, six months ago! Now what's he got to do all day?"
"I'm not offended," said Kintyre. I would, in fact, be inclined to take offense only at a system of so-called education which has so little discipline left in it that its victims are unable to do more than watch this monkey show when the evil days have come. But that is not of immediate relevance.
"What did you come for?" Peter Michaelis lifted his bull head and his voice crested: "You know of a job?" He sagged back again. "No. No, you wouldn't."
"I'm afraid not," said Kintyre. "I came as！I came to help you in another way." Maledetto! How much like Norman Vincent Peale is one man allowed to sound? But I can't think of anything else.
"Yes?" Michaelis sat erect; even Gene twisted half around.
"You know the Lombardi family, of course."
"Do we know them?" spat Michaelis. "I wish to hell we didn't!"
"Have you heard that the son, Bruce, is dead?"
"Uh-huh," said Gene. He turned down the sound of his program and added with a certain pleasure: "Looks like there's some justice in the world after all."
"Now, wait," began Kintyre.
Gene turned more fully to face the visitor. His eyes narrowed. "What have you got to do with them?" he asked.
"I knew Bruce. I thought！"
"Sure. You thought he was God's little bare-bottomed baby angel. I know. Everybody does. It took a long time to get down past all those layers of holy grease on him. I did."
"You know what the old man done to me?" shouted Peter Michaelis. "He rammed me. Sent my boat to the bottom in 1945. He murdered two of my crew. They drowned. I could of been drowned myself!"
Kintyre remembered Bruce's account. A freakish, sudden fog had been blown down a strong wind. Such impossibilities do happen now and then. The boats blundered together and sank. The Coast Guard inquiry found it an act of God; Michaelis tried to sue, but the case was thrown out of court. Then, for the sake of their sons, Peter and Angelo made a grudging peace.
What had happened lately must have brought all the old bitterness back, with a dozen years' interest added.
"Shut up," said Gene. He was drunk too, Kintyre saw, but cold drunk, in control of everything except his emotions. "Shut up, Pete. It was an accident. Why should he ruin his own business?"
"He got him a restaurant out of it," mumbled Michaelis. "What have we got?"
"Look here," said Kintyre, not very truthfully. "I'm a neutral party. I didn't have to come around here, and there's nothing in it for me. But will you listen?"
"If you'll listen too," said Gene. He poured himself another glass. "Huh. I know what the Lombardis been telling you about me. Let me tell you about them."
Somewhere in the back of Kintyre's mind, a thin little warning whistle blew. He grabbed the arms of his chair and hung on tight. There was no time now to add up reasons why; he knew only that if he let Gene talk freely about Corinna, there was going to be trouble.
"Never mind," he said coldly. "I'm not interested in that aspect. I came here because I don't think you murdered Bruce Lombardi and the police may think you did."
That stopped them. Peter Michaelis looked up, his face turning a drained color. Gene puckered his lips, snapped them together, and went blank of expression. His dark gaze did not waver from Kintyre's, and he said quite steadily: "What are you getting at?"
"Bruce was called over to the City by someone last Saturday evening," said Kintyre. "His body was found Monday morning. You know very well that if you'd called him, offering to patch up the quarrel, he'd have come like a shot. Where were you two this weekend?"
"Why！" Peter Michaelis' voice wobbled. "I was home all day Saturday！housework. Went out for a drink at night！church Sunday morning, yeah, then came back for a nap. Hey, I played pinochle down in front of the warehouse that evening with！" His words trailed off.
"Nobody glanced in, then?" asked Kintyre. "No one who could verify that Bruce wasn't lying bound and gagged?"
"Why！I！"
"Hey!" Gene Michaelis surged to his feet. It was a single swinging leap, propelled upward by his arms. His aluminum legs spraddled, seeking clumsily for a foothold. Somehow he got one of his canes and leaned on it.
"What business is it of yours, anyway?" he snarled.
Can I tell you that I don't know? thought Kintyre. Can I tell you I'm here because a girl I'd scarcely seen before now wanted me to come?
Hardly.
He leaned back with strained casualness and said: "I want to make peace between your two families. Call it a gesture toward Bruce. I admit I liked him. And he never stopped liking you, Gene.
"If you keep on spewing hatred at the Lombardis as you have been, the police are going to get very interested in your weekend. Where were you?"
Gene hunched his shoulders. "None of your God damn business."
"I take it you weren't home, then."
"No, I was not. If you want to ask any more, let's see your Junior G-man badge."
Kintyre sighed. "All right." He stood up. "I'll go. The cops won't be so obliging, if you don't cooperate with them."
He looked past Gene, to the window. It was a hole into total blackness. He wondered if that had been the last sight Bruce saw！of all this earth of majesty, a single smeared window opening on the dark.
"I didn't do it," said Gene. "We didn't." He showed his teeth. "But I say three cheers for whoever did. I'd like to get the lot of 'em here, that sister now！"
"Hold on!" The violence of his tone shivered Kintyre's skull. Afterward it was a wonder to him, how rage had leaped up.
Gene swayed for a moment. An unpleasant twisting went along his lips. Beside Kintyre, the father also rose, massive and watchful.
"So you'd like some of that too, would you?" said Gene. "You won't get it. She's only a whore inside. Outside, she's like a goddam nun. You know what we call that kind where I come from? Pri！"
"I'm going," said Kintyre harshly. "I prefer to be among men."
Unthinkingly, he had chosen the crudest cut. He saw that at once. A physical creature like Gene Michaelis, whose sexual exploits must have been his one wall against every hidden inadequacy, must now be feeling nearly unmanned.
Gene roared. His cane lifted and whistled down.
It could have been a head-smashing blow. Kintyre stepped from it and it jarred against the floor. The cane broke across. Gene rocked forward on his artificial legs, his hands reaching out for Kintyre's throat.
Kintyre planted himself passively, waiting. He didn't want to hit a cripple. Nor would fists be much use against all that bone and meat.
As Gene lunged, Kintyre slipped a few inches to one side, so the clutching arm went above his shoulder. He took it in his hands, his knee helped the great body along, and Gene Michaelis crashed into the wall.
As the cloud of plaster exploded, Kintyre saw the old man attack. Peter Michaelis was still as strong as a wild ox, and as wrathful.
Kintyre could have killed him with no trouble.
Kintyre had no wish to. Anyone could be driven berserk, given enough low-grade alcohol on top of enough wretchedness. He waited again, until the fisherman's fist came about in a round-house swing. There was time enough for a judo man to get out of the way, catch that arm, spin the opponent halfway around, and send him on his way. It would have been more scientific to throttle him unconscious, but that would have taken a few seconds and Gene was crawling back to his feet.
"Let's call it a day," said Kintyre. "I'm not after a fight."
"You！filthy！bastard." Gene tottered erect. Blood ran down one side of his mouth; the breath sobbed in and out of him; but he came.
On the way he picked up the other cane.
He tried to jab with it. Kintyre took it away from him. As simple as that！let the stick's own motion carry it out of the opponent's hand. Gene bellowed and fell. Kintyre rapped him lightly on the head, to discourage him.
Someone was pounding on the door. "What's going on in there? Hey, what's going on?"
"I recommend you cooperate with the police," said Kintyre. "Wherever you were this weekend, Gene, tell them. They'll find out eventually."
He opened the window, went through, and hung for a moment by his hands. Father and son were sitting up, not much damaged. Kintyre straightened his elbows and let go. It wasn't too long a drop to the street, if you knew how to land.
He went to his car and got in. There was no especial sense of victory within him: a growing dark feeling of his own momentum, perhaps. He had to keep moving, the horror was not yet asleep.
All right, Corinna, he thought as the motor whirred to life. It was a bit childish, but he was not in any normal state. I did your job. Now I'll do one for myself.
CHAPTER 6
 When Bruce last mentioned Guido to Kintyre, not so long ago, the name of the Alley Cat occurred. Presumably Guido was still singing there. Kintyre looked up the address in a drugstore phone book. It was back in North Beach, of course, in a subdistrict which proved to be quiet, shabby, and tough.
There was no neon sign to guide him, only a flight of stairs downward to a door with the name painted on it. Once past a solid-looking bouncer, he found a dark low-ceilinged room, decorated with abstract murals and a few mobiles. The bar was opposite him. Otherwise the walls were lined with booths, advantageously deep, and the floor was packed with tables. Most of the light came from candles on these, in old wax-crusted Chianti bottles. Patronage was thin this evening, perhaps a dozen couples and as many stags. They ran to type: either barely of drinking age or else quite gray, the men with their long hair and half-open blouses more ornate than most of the women, a few obvious faggots, a crop-headed girl in a man's shirt and trousers holding hands with a more female-looking one.
Hipsters, professionally futile; students, many of whom would never leave the warm walls of academe; a Communist or two, or a disillusioned ex-Communist who had not found a fresh illusion, perpetually refighting the Spanish Civil War; self-appointed intellectuals who had long ago stopped learning or forgetting; dabblers in art or religion or the dance; petty racketeers, some with a college degree but no will to make use of it！Kintyre stopped enumerating. He knew these people. One of his strictures on Margery was her weakness for such a crowd. They bored him.
Guido sat on a dais near the bar, draped around a high stool with a glass of beer handy. His fingers tickled the guitar strings, they responded with life, he bore his brother's musical gifts. His voice was better than Bruce's:
"！Who lived long years ago.
He ruled the land with an iron hand
But his mind was weak and low！"
Despite himself, Kintyre was amused to find such an old acquaintance here. He wondered if Guido knew the author.
He threaded between the tables till he reached one close by the platform. Guido's glance touched him, and the curly head made a half-nod of recognition.
Since he would be overcharged anyway, Kintyre ordered an import beer and settled back to nurse it. The ballad went on to its indelicate conclusion. Guido ended with a crashing chord and finished his brew at a gulp. There was light applause and buzzing conversation.
Guido leaned back against the wall. His eyelids drooped and he drew wholly different sounds from the strings. Talk died away. Not many here would know this song. Kintyre himself didn't recognize it before the singer had embarked on the haunting refrain. Then Guido looked his way, smiling a little, and he knew it was a gift to him.
"Quant' ┬ bella giovinezza
Che si fugge tuttavia!
Di doman' non c' ┬ certezza:
Chi vuol esse lieto, sia!"
Lorenzo the Magnificent had written it, long ago in the days of pride.
When he finished, Guido said, "Entr'acte," laid down his guitar, and came over to Kintyre's table. He stood with his left hand on his hip, fetching out a cigarette and lighting it with the right.
"Thanks," said Kintyre.
Guido continued the business with the cigarette, taking his time. Kintyre returned to his beer.
"Well," said Guido finally. He grinned. "You're a cool one. I mean in every sense of the word. Let's find a booth."
They sat down on opposite sides of the recessed table. A handsome young waitress lit the candle for them. "On me," said Guido.
"Same, then," said Kintyre, emptying his glass.
Guido squirmed. "How d'you like the place?" he asked.
Kintyre shrugged. "It's a place."
"This Parisian bistro deal is only on slack nights. Weekends, we got a combo in here."
"I think I prefer the bistro."
"I guess you would."
They fell back into silence. Guido smoked raggedly. Kintyre felt no need for tobacco; the implacable sense of going somewhere overrode his self.
After the girl had brought their round, Guido said in a harsh tone, looking away from him: "Well, what is it? I got to go on again soon."
"I just came from the Michaelis'," said Kintyre.
"What?" Guido jerked. "What'd you go there for?"
"Let's say I was curious. Gene Michaelis was out of sight last weekend. He won't say where."
"You don't！" Guido looked up. Something congealed in him. "I thought Corinna was just flipping," he said, very softly.
"I don't accuse anyone," said Kintyre. "I'm only a civilian. However, the police are going to give him a rough time if he won't alibi himself."
Guido lit a fresh cigarette from the butt of the last.
"Where were you, Saturday afternoon through Monday morning?" Kintyre tossed the question off as lightly as he was able.
"Out of town," said Guido. "With some friends."
"You'd better get in touch with them, then, so they can give statements to that effect."
"They！Christ almighty!" In the guttering flamelight, Kintyre saw how sweat began to film the faun countenance.
"My personal opinion," he said, watching Guido's lips fight to stiffen themselves, "is that you are not involved. The fact remains, though, you'd better account for your weekend."
"To you?" It was a wan little truculence.
"I can't force you. But without trying to play detective, I am sticking my nose a ways into this affair. Knowing the people concerned, I might possibly turn up something the police can use.
"So where did you spend your weekend, Guido?"
The full mouth pouted. "Rotate, cat, rotate. Why should anybody care? Where's my motive?"
"Where is anyone's motive? You have a lot of shady friends. I daresay your mother had to shield you often enough from your father！or even from the authorities, once or twice." It was a guess on Kintyre's part, but he saw that he had struck a target. "Maybe of late you've gotten mixed up with something worse. Maybe Bruce found out."
"Beat feet," said Guido. "Blow before I call the bouncer."
"I'm merely trying to reason as a policeman might. I'm not accusing you, I'm warning you."
"Well," said Guido, raising his eyes again, "there wasn't anything like that going on. Certainly nothing Bruce would know about. I mean, man, he was all professor!"
"Jealousy," murmured Kintyre. "There's another motive. Bruce was the favorite. All his life he was the favorite. Oh, he deserved it！the well-behaved kid, the bright and promising kid. But it must have been hard for you to take, with your Italian background, where the oldest son normally has precedence. You were college material too. It just so happened Bruce was better, and there was only money for one. Of course, later you had your G.I., and didn't use it. You'd lost interest. Which doesn't change the fact: money was spent on Bruce that might otherwise have been spent on you."
Guido finished his whisky and signaled out the booth. "Crazy," he fleered. "But go on."
"Well, let's see. I imagine you're always at loggerheads with your father. That won't recommend you to a suspicious detective either. Here you are, thirty years old, and except for your military hitch you've always lived at home. You've sponged, between short-lived half-hearted jobs; you've drifted from one night club engagement to another, but all small time and steadily getting smaller. I hardly think you belong to the Church any more, do you?"
"I was kicked out," admitted Guido with a certain cockiness. "I got married a few years back. It didn't take. So I got divorced and the Church kicked me out. Not that I'd believed that guff for a long time before. But there was quite a row."
The waitress looked into the booth. Guido slid a hand down her hip. "Let's have a bottle in here," he said. "Raus!" He slapped her heartily on the rump. His gaze followed her toward the bar.
"Nice piece, that," he said. "Maybe I can fix you up with her, if you want."
"No, thanks," said Kintyre.
Guido was winning back his confidence. He grinned and said: "Sure. I'm the bad boy. Bruce worked part time all his undergraduate years, and made his own way since. Corinna still helps out with a slice of her paycheck, which is none too big. But me, man, I got horns, hoof, and tail. I eat babies for breakfast.
"Only lemme tell you something about Bruce. All the time he was so holy-holy, attending Mass every Sunday he was over on this side！but avoiding Communion, come to think of it！he didn't give a damn either. He just didn't have the nerve to make a clean break with those black crows, like me."
Kintyre, who had listened to many midnight hours of troubled young confidences, said quietly: "At the time he died, Bruce hadn't yet decided what he believed. He wouldn't hurt his parents for what might turn out to be a moment's intellectual whim."
"All right, all right. Only did you know he was shacking up?"
Kintyre raised his brows. "I'm surprised he told you. He introduced the girl around as his fianc└e. In the apartment house he said she was his wife. He was more concerned about her reputation than she was."
"Come off it," snorted Guido. "Who did he fool?"
"Nnn ... nobody who met her, I suppose. He tried, but！"
"But this was the first woman he ever had, and it was such a big event he couldn't hide it. He was a lousy liar. Just for kicks, I badgered him till he broke down and admitted it to me."
"It was her idea," said Kintyre. "He wanted to marry her."
"Be this as it may," said Guido, "our little tin Jesus turns out to've been less than frank with everybody. So what else did he have cooking? Don't ask what I'm mixed up in. Look into his doings."
"I might," said Kintyre, "except that you have explained to me how poor a liar he was."
The girl came back with a pint of bourbon and a chit for Guido to sign. She leaned far over to set down a bottle of soda and two glasses of ice, so Kintyre could have a good look down her dress.
"Man," said Guido when she had oscillated off again, "Laura's got ants tonight. If you don't help yourself to that, I will."
"Why offer me the chance in the first place?" asked Kintyre. He ignored the proffered glass, sticking to his beer.
"I was going out on the town when I finished here. Know some places, they cost but they're worth it." Guido slugged his own glass full, added a dash of mix, and drank heartily. "They'll keep till tomorrow, though."
"I wonder where a chronically broke small-time entertainer gets money to splurge, all at once," said Kintyre.
Guido set his drink down again. Behind the loose, open blouse, his breast muscles grew taut.
"Never you mind," he said, in the bleakest voice Kintyre had yet heard him use. "Forget I mentioned it. Run along home and play with your books."
"As you wish. But when you're being officially grilled！and you will be, sonny！I wouldn't talk about Bruce in exactly the terms you used tonight. It sounds more and more as if you hated him."
Kintyre had no intention of leaving. Guido was disquietingly hard to understand. He might even, actually, be a party to the murder. Kintyre didn't want to believe that. He hoped all the tough and scornful words had been no more than a concealment, from Guido's own inward self, of bewildered pain. But he couldn't be sure.
He would have to learn more.
He sat back, easing his body, his mind, trying not to expect anything whatsoever. Then nothing could catch him off balance.
But the third party jarred him nonetheless.
A man came over toward the booth. He had evidently just made an inquiry of the waitress. He wore a good suit, painstakingly fashionable, and very tight black shoes. His face looked young.
Guido saw him coming and tightened fingers around his glass. A pulse in the singer's throat began to flutter.
"Get out," he said.
"What's wrong now?" Kintyre didn't move.
"Get out!" The eyes that turned to him were dark circles rimmed all around with white. The tones cracked across. "I'll see you later. There could be trouble if you stay. Blow!"
Kintyre made no doubt of it. Ordinarily he would have left, he was not one to search for a conflict. But he did not think any man could be worse to meet than the horror, and he could feel the horror still waiting to take him, as soon as he stopped having other matters to focus on.
He poured out the rest of his beer. Then the man was standing at the booth.
He was young indeed, Kintyre saw, perhaps so young he needed false identification to drink. His face was almost girlish, in a broad-nosed sleepy-eyed way, and very white. The rest of him was middling tall and well muscled; he moved with a sureness which told Kintyre he was quick on his feet.
"Uh," said Guido.
The young man jerked his head backward.
"He was just！just going," chattered Guido. "Right away."
"When I finish my beer, of course," said Kintyre mildly.
"Drink up," said the young man. He had no color in his voice. Its accent wasn't local, but Kintyre couldn't place the exact region. More or less Midwestern. Chicago?
It was a good excuse to get his back up. "I don't see where you have any authority in the matter," said Kintyre.
"Mother of God," whispered Guido frantically across the table. "Scram!"
The young man stood droop-lidded for a moment, considering. Then he said to Guido: "Okay. Another booth."
"Won't you join us here?" asked Kintyre. "You can say your say when I've gone."
The young man thought it over for a second or two. He shrugged faintly and sat down beside Kintyre, a couple of feet away. Shakily, Guido poured a drink into the unused glass of ice.
"Th-th-this is！Larkin," he said. "Terry Larkin. This is Professor Kintyre. He was a friend of my brother, is all."
"Are you from out of town, Mr. Larkin?" said Kintyre.
The young man took out a pack of cigarettes. It was the container for a standard brand, but the homemade cylinders inside were another matter. He lit one and sat back, unheeding of the whisky.
Kintyre would not have thought an ordinary drug addict anything to reckon with: the effects are too ruinous. But in spite of all the lurid stories, marijuana is a mild sort of dope, which leaves more control than alcohol and probably does less physiological damage than tobacco. If it came to trouble, Larkin was not going to be inconvenienced by a reefer or two.
"Friend of mine," said Guido. He was still tense, his smile a meaningless rictus. But a hope was becoming clear to see on him, that the episode would pass over quietly.
Kintyre did not mean for it to. There was more than coincidence here. If Larkin simply had private business to discuss, even illegal business, Guido would have had no reason to fear trouble. Larkin could merely wait until the professor took his bumbling presence home.
The trouble is, thought Kintyre, I've been asking so many questions. I might irritate Happy here.
Wherefore he dropped his bomb with some care: "Perhaps you can help me, Mr. Larkin. I suppose you know Guido's brother was murdered. Guido won't tell me where he was during that time, Saturday and Sunday, and I'm afraid he might get in trouble with the law."
Guido regarded Larkin like a beggar.
Larkin sat still. So still. It must have been half a minute before he moved. Then he looked through a woman's lashes at Kintyre and said:
"He was with me. We went out and picked daisies all weekend."
Kintyre smiled. "Well, if that's all！" His bomb had missed. He dropped another. "To avoid trouble, though, you'd better both go to the police with a statement."
"You're no cop," said Larkin.
"No. It was only a suggestion." Having bracketed the target, Kintyre dropped his third missile. "If they happen to ask me first what I know about it, I can refer them to you. Where are you staying?"
"G┬su Cristo," groaned Guido out of a lost childhood.
Larkin's face remained dead. But he laid down his cigarette and said slowly and clearly: "I told you to run along home. This time I mean it, daddy-o."
Kintyre bunched his muscles！only for an instant, then he remembered that he must be at ease, at ease.
"I'm beginning to wonder what you really were doing last weekend, Terry," he said.
There was hardly a visible movement. He heard the click, and the switchblade poised on the bench, aimed at his throat.
"End of the line," Larkin told him without rancor. "On your way. If you know what's good for you, you won't come back."
"Do you know," murmured Kintyre, "I think this really is a case for the police. Ever hear of citizen's arrest?"
Guido's wind rattled in his gullet.
Larkin's blade spurted upward. It was an expert, underhand sticking motion; Kintyre could have died with hardly a noise, in that booth designed not to be looked into from outside.
From the moment the steel emerged, he had realized he was going to get cut. That was half the technique of facing a knife. His last remark had been absolutely sincere: the law needed Larkin a prisoner, now. His left arm moved simultaneously with Larkin's right. The blade struck his forearm and furrowed keenly through the sleeve. It opened the skin beneath, but little more, for Kintyre was already lifting the arm, violently, as the follow-through slid Larkin's wrist across. He smacked the knife hand back against the booth wall.
His own right hand slipped under Larkin's knee. Then he half stood up; his left came down to assist; and he threw Larkin out of the booth.
He followed, out where there was room to deal properly with the boy. Larkin had hit a table (Western movie style, grinned part of Kintyre) and the whole business crashed and skated over the floor.
The bouncer ran ponderously to break up the fight. Kintyre had nothing against him, except that any delay would give Larkin too much time. He ran to meet the bouncer, therefore, stopped a fractional second before collision, and took the body's impact on his hip. It was elementary art from there on in. The bouncer bounced.
Larkin was back on his feet, spitting fury and blood. He'd lost his knife！should be easy to wrap up！Hold it!
The second switchblade gleamed among candles. Kintyre had almost impaled himself. He fell, in the judo manner, cushioned by an arm. Whetted metal buzzed where he had been. Rolling over on his back, Kintyre waited for Larkin to jump at him. Larkin was not that na?ve. He picked a Chianti bottle off a table and threw it.
Kintyre saved his eyes with an arm hastily raised. The blow was numbing. He whipped to his feet again. The bartender circled on the fringes, gibbering and waving a bungstarter: the typical barroom fight is ridiculous, these two meant what they were doing. The bouncer dragged himself to his hands and knees.
"Call the police," snapped Kintyre. "And for God's sake, some of these tablecloths will start burning any minute!"
The customers were milling away. One of the fairies screamed; the butch stood on a chair and watched with dry avid eyes. Larkin backed off along the wall. Kintyre followed. Larkin wasn't foolish enough to rush; Kintyre would have to.
He waited till there was a small space clear of tables before him. Then he crouched low and ran in. His left arm was up, for a shield. He'd take that toadstabber in the biceps if he must.
Larkin, back against the bar, drew into himself. Almost on one knee, thought Kintyre as he plunged in, like a Roman gladiator trying for the belly. A tactical change was called for.
He shifted course and met the bar six feet from Larkin. His palms came down on it, he used his own speed to leap frogwise up to its surface, pivoting to face Larkin. He made one jump along the bar. His second was into the air. He landed with both feet on Larkin's back, before the other had more than half straightened.
Larkin went down, the knife flying from his hand. Kintyre fell off and went in a heap. This wasn't judo, it wasn't anything; Trig would laugh himself sick if he could watch. But！
Kintyre rolled back. Larkin was climbing unsteadily to his feet. Kintyre pulled him down and got a choking hold from behind. He lay on Larkin's back, his legs and sheer weight controlling the body, one arm around the throat, hands gripping wrists.
"Okay," he panted. "Squirm away. You'll just strangle yourself, you know."
Larkin hissed an obscenity. He was lighter, but Kintyre could feel a hard vitality in him. No matter, he was held now.
"Bartender," wheezed Kintyre. "Call the police！"
Something landed on his head.
It was like an explosion. For a moment he spiraled down toward night. He felt Larkin wriggle free, he groped mindlessly but his hands were empty and the world was blackness and great millstones.
Then he was aware once more. Guido crouched beside him, shaken and sobbing, and pawed at his bleeding scalp with a handkerchief. "Oh, God, Doc, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Are you hurt?"
Kintyre looked around. "Where'd Junior go?" he croaked.
"Out the back door. Christ, Doc, I had to, you don't know what！Mary, Mother of God, forgive me, but！"
Kintyre stood up, leaning on Guido. A small riot was developing among the clientele and the help. He ignored it, brushing someone aside without even looking. The singer's stool lay at his feet. Guido must have clobbered him with that.
"Suppose you tell me why," he said.
"I！Get out. Get out before the cops come. I'll cover for you！tell them I don't know who you are, you were a stranger and！Get out!" Guido pushed at him, still weeping.
"I don't have anything to fear from them," said Kintyre. "It strikes me that maybe you do."
"Maybe," whispered Guido.
"Bruce died in a nasty way."
"This isn't！nothing to do with！I swear it, Doc, so help me God I do. Think I'd ever！It's something else, for Christ's sake!" Guido spoke in a slurred muted scream. "It's not only the cops I'm scared of, Doc, it's the others. They'd kill me!"
Kintyre studied him for a long second.
After all, he thought, this was Bruce's brother. And Corinna's.
"Okay," he said. "I promise you nothing. I, at least, will insist on knowing what this is all about. When I do, perhaps I'll decide the police ought to be told, and perhaps not. But for now, good night, Guido."
He turned to go out the rear exit. Faintly through the main door, he heard approaching sirens, but there was time enough to get into a back alley and thence to his car.
He realized, suddenly, with an unsurprised drowsy delight like the aftermath of love, that the horror had left him. When he continued his search for Larkin and for that more terrible thing which Larkin must represent, it would be from honor, because he was taking it on himself not to tell the police at once that there was a mansticker loose in their city. He would not be merely running from his private ghosts.
Tonight he would be able to sleep.
He paused at the door, looking back. "Good night, Guido," he repeated. "And thanks again for the song."
Chapter 7
 Two brawls in succession had not tired him; he got more exercise than that in an evening at the dojo. But the strain of the time before had had its effect. He woke with a fluttering gasp and saw dust motes dance in a yellow sunbeam. The clock said almost nine.
"Judas priest," he groaned. Suddenly it came to him that he had left Guido unguarded. So much for the amateur detective.
He sprang from bed and twirled the radio controls. Having found a newscast, he went into the bathroom and showered; Trig Yamamura had beaten that much Zen into his thick head. Through the water noise, he heard that more money was necessary so the nation's bought friends would stay bought; that the countries which had simply given their friendship were being imperialistic, i.e., hanging on to their overseas property, and therefore unworthy of help; that subversive elements in the bottle cap industry were to be investigated; and that Mother Bloor's Old Time Chicken Broth was made by a new scientific process which "sealed in" tiny drops of chicken goodness. Nothing was said about another murder.
Kintyre sighed and gave himself time to cook breakfast. If Guido hadn't been killed last night, he must be safely asleep at home by now. There were a few hours to spare.
He got into slacks and a gray sports shirt: he hated neckties and had no reason to wear one today. First, he decided, he must see Trig. After that he could wind up Bruce's University job. And, yes, he would take a closer look at the Book of Witches.
Yamamura's office was unimpressively above a drugstore in downtown Berkeley, a mile or so to walk. Kintyre found him polishing a Japanese sword. "Hi. Isn't this a nice one?" he boasted mildly. "I picked it up last week. It's only Tokugawa period, but get the heft, will you?"
Kintyre drew the blade. It came suddenly alive. He returned it with a faint sense of loss. "I could have used that chopper last night," he said.
"Yeh." Narrow black eyes drifted across him, the plaster high on his forehead and the outsize Band-Aid on his left forearm. "What happened, and is she going to prefer charges?"
"I suspect I met Bruce Lombardi's murderer," said Kintyre. "Or one of them."
Yamamura slid the sword carefully into its plain wooden scabbard. He took out his oldest briar and stuffed the bowl. Kintyre had finished his account by the time the pipe had a full head of steam up.
"！So I came on home."
Yamamura looked irritated. "It's your own stupid fault Larkin got away," he said. "Obviously you were holding your neck muscles tense. The stool wouldn't have hurt you to speak of if you weren't." He waggled his pipestem. "How often must I tell you, relax? Or don't you want to win your black belt?"
"Come off it," said Kintyre. "Look, what I'm afraid of is that Larkin, or someone associated with him, may decide Guido isn't safe to leave alive."
"All right. Let Guido ask the police for protection."
"He can't. I don't know why, but he doesn't dare. He'd rather take his chances with Larkin."
"I'd suggest that if he's that scared of the authorities, he deserves whatever he'll get."
"Don't be such a damned prig. Guido may be an accessory, of course, but I hate to think that. Why write him off before we're sure he wasn't just someone's dupe?"
"Mmmm. What has all this to do with me?"
"I want you to keep an eye on him."
"So? What's wrong with you doing this? Your vacation is coming up. I still have a living to make, and you can't pay me."
"I haven't the skill. And Guido and Larkin both know my face. Also, I do think I can be of some value on this side of the Bay."
"Huh! Sherlock Nero Poirot rides again."
"No. Think, Trig. The probability is that Bruce was killed by one or more professionals. But they didn't do it for fun. Somebody hired them, and that somebody is the real murderer. I've two reasons for wanting to meddle a little bit, rather than simply dumping what I know into the official lap. First, to spare Guido, at least till I'm sure if he's worth sparing or not. But second, this may not be entirely a police problem. They'll concentrate on the actual, physical killers, try to find one or two or three ants in the whole Bay Area antheap. They've no choice about that, it's their duty. Doubtless they'll put a man on the job of finding out who the killers' boss is. But the police don't know anyone concerned very intimately. The boss will have a certain amount of time to cover his tracks. Or to plan another murder.
"I knew Bruce well. I must have met all his friends, however casually. I have met whoever had Bruce killed. It may be sheer megalomania on my part, but I think there's a chance I could get an idea who it was."
Yamamura put his feet on the desk, leaned back, and stared out the window at the street. "Okay," he said at last. "On conditions."
"What?"
"I do have my family to keep. Not to mention my license. I'll undertake a week or so of Guido-guarding as an investment. Because if I could get a clue to the murderers, the boss or his torpedos, if I could give any substantial help to the police, the publicity would be good for my business. But to do anything useful along those lines, I'll have to leave Guido from time to time. I'll tail him when I think he may be in danger, yes, but when I think he's going to be safe for a few hours, I'll go check on something else."
"All right," said Kintyre. "In fact, excellent."
Yamamura looked at him through pipe smoke and said gravely: "If I find reasons why Guido should be arrested, I won't cover for him. I'll turn him in. Furthermore, I could make an error in judgment. I might leave Guido and come back to find Guido plus a knife. Now I sort of like you, Bob, don't ask me why. I'd hate to think you would hold either my informing or my mistake against me."
"Certainly not."
"Are you sure?"
"You know me, Trig."
Yamamura thought it over for a while. "Very well," he said. "Let's get the descriptions, addresses, and whatever else you know."
When they had finished, they were silent a few seconds.
"Oh, what did you find out about Owens?" asked Kintyre.
"Wife and two grown children in New York. Started as a business traveler, years ago; found that his hobby of writing paid more, and quit to write full time; captain's commission during the war, chairborne brigade in Washington！"
"If it takes a criminology degree to enter a bookstore, tell the clerk you're just looking, and read a dust jacket biography, then I'm in the wrong racket."
Yamamura settled himself more comfortably. "Owens has been hanging around Berkeley for several days without obvious motive," he said. "Addressed a writers' club Saturday night, but left early and was presumably on the town. They say at the hotel he slept late on Sunday, but no one remembers when he came in. Played some golf Sunday afternoon, dropped from sight again that night. Since then he's been simply！around. Bored, lonesome, but waiting for something or other."
"In short," said Kintyre, "it's possible he！"
"Did it personally? I don't know. Anything is possible, I guess. He may just have been out on the make, too. The chambermaid at his hotel tells me he's the pawing type. Of course, if the murder was done by proxy, these timetables don't mean anything anyway."
"Of course," said Kintyre.
Chapter 8
 Bruce had shared an office with four other assistants, but they were gone now. Bare of people, it had a hollow quality.
Kintyre went through the desk a final time. There was so little which was personally a man's. A few scrawls on the memo pad, a scratch sheet covered with intricate doodles, Margery's picture, some reference books, and a fat folder of notes relating to his research: no more. It could all be carried away in a single trip.
Kintyre attacked the remaining student papers. That was a mechanical task; few freshmen nowadays ever showed much originality, except in their spelling. Most of his brain idled. It occurred to him that one common element bound together everyone who seemed to figure in this affair. The Italian nation and culture.
Angelo, Maria, Guido Lombardi: All born in Genoa.
Bruce Lombardi: Born over here, but oriented toward the old country, writing his master's thesis as a critical exegesis of a medieval Italian manuscript, corresponding with an uncle in the Italian secret service.
Corinna Lombardi: Well, Bruce's sister; spoke the language too.
Margery Towne: Bruce's girl. Admittedly a weak connection.
Himself, Robert Kintyre: Postgraduate studies of the Renaissance, on a fellowship which kept him in Italy from 1949 to 1951; took his Ph.D. at Cal with a study of those lesser known sociological writings before Machiavelli which had influenced the Florentine realist; returned overseas for a year ending last summer, on another grant to continue his researches; now teaching and working on a book which only specialists would ever read.
Jabez Owens: Visited Europe, including Italy, many times. Claimed, as a semiamateur scholar, to have unearthed some lurid Borgia correspondence, which he had turned to his own profit.
Gerald Clayton: Officer in the Army Quartermaster Corps in Italy, during the latter part of the war. Returned there immediately after his discharge, came back in a couple of years with the American franchise for a new line of Italian motor scooters. Since then he spent half his time abroad, pumping a steadily larger flow of European goods into the United States market, everything from automobiles to perfumes. Also interested in manuscripts. Had several tracked down for him by Italian scholars, bought them, sent them home. He obtained the Book of Witches in Sicily, and carried it along when business took him to San Francisco last fall. Found Kintyre was the man to see, looked him up, asked him to examine the volume for whatever value it had. Kintyre had turned the project over to Bruce; it would make a good M.A. thesis. Clayton had pungled up a couple of thousand dollars as a research grant: a graceful way of making it financially possible for Bruce to give some time to the task. Since then Clayton had frequently seen both Bruce and Kintyre, and shown a real if not very deep interest in the boy's progress.
Gene Michaelis: Served his Navy hitch in the Mediterranean theater. Yes, Bruce had mentioned that. What might have happened during Gene's Italian shore leaves was an intriguing question.
Peter Michaelis: Gene's father, as embittered as he toward the Lombardi tribe.
Terry Larkin: No connection demonstrated, but it was quite possible in this land of many races.
"Holy Hieronymus," muttered Kintyre, "next thing I'll be looking for a Black Hand."
But melodramatic and implausible facts were still stubbornly facts.
He completed his task about noon, turned in the papers and reports, and got the Book of Witches from the department safe. He wanted a better acquaintance with this thing.
Bruce's office was too empty. He took the manuscript and the folder of notes to his own room. It was just as bare and quiet between these walls, but more familiar. He could look out the window to lawns and blowing trees and sunlight spilling over them！without thinking that Bruce lay frozen under a sheet.
He put the book on his desk with care. It was almost six hundred years old.
The phone rang. He jerked in surprise, swore at himself, and picked it up. "Hello?"
"Kintyre? Jabez Owens."
"Oh. What is it?"
"I called your home and you weren't in, so I tried！How are you?"
"I'll live. What's the occasion?"
"I wondered！I'd like to talk to you. Would you care to have lunch with me?"
"No, thanks." Kintyre had better plans than to watch Owens perform. "I'm busy."
"Are you sure?" The voice was worried.
"Quite. I'll be here for some hours. I'll just duck out for a sandwich." Maliciously: "I've some work to do on Bruce's project. Afterward！"
What? Well, he hadn't called Margery today. He supposed, with a faintly suffocated feeling, that he ought to see her. "I have an engagement," he finished.
"Oh." Hesitantly: "Do you think I could drop up to your office, then? It really is urgent, and it may be to your own advantage."
"Sure," said Kintyre, remembering his wish to play sleuth. "Walk into my parlor." He gave Owens the room number and hung up. Then he returned to the Book of Witches.
It was a thick palimpsest, a little over quarto size. The binding, age-eaten leather with rusted iron straps, was perhaps a century newer than the volume itself. He opened it, heavy in his hands, and looked at the title page. Liber Veneficarum！
Book of Witches, Their Works and Days, Compiled from Records and the Accounts of Trustworthy Men, Done at the Sicilian Abbey of St. John the Divine at the Command of the Abbot Rogero, for the Attention and Use of the Authorities of Our Holy Mother Church.
When Clayton first brought it around, Kintyre had only skimmed through the black uncials in a hasty fashion. He knew there had been considerable Satanism in the Middle Ages, partly pagan survivals and partly social protest, but that had not seemed to be in his immediate line. A man has only time to learn a few things before the darkness takes him back.
Now he opened Bruce's folder and began to read the notes. Some were typewritten, some still in pothooks harder to decipher than the fourteenth century Low Latin. But they were in order, and their own references were clearly shown. Bruce had been a good, careful scholar.
Well！Kintyre turned to the first page. It was very plain work, unilluminated. The opening sentences described the purpose: to set forth exactly what the witchcraft movement was, how widespread and how dangerous to the Faith and the state. Sources were given, with some commentary on their trustworthiness. The Middle Ages did not lack critical sense. The monk wrote soberly of witchcraft as a set of real activities in the real world; he wasted very little time on the demons presumed to be the object of worship.
Kintyre struggled with his memory, brought back an approximate recollection of a later passage, and hunted for it again. Yes, here, near the middle: an account of a thirteenth century witch hunt in northern Italy, a follow-up to the Albigensian Crusade. The author said that since then there had been no covens worth mentioning north of Abruzzi, and cited proof！statements by Church and secular investigators, a couple of confessions extracted by torture.
Bruce's notes at this point gave confirming cross references. A penciled afterthought occurred: "If there were no organized Satanists in the Romagna in 1398, it hardly seems reasonable that Cesare Borgia could have joined them a century later!" Evidence was marshaled to show there had been no revival in the meantime. Rather, the cults had been on the wane throughout the fifteenth century, as prosperity and enlightenment spread.
Well, thought Kintyre, that does pretty well sink Owens' boat.
Something caught his eye. He leaned over the sheet. A fifteenth century "discourse," an official report, in the state archives of Milan was quoted to support the claim that there was no contemporary local Black Mass. In the margin was scribbled "L.L."
Private abbreviations could be weird and wonderful, but Kintyre found himself obscurely irritated. So much was unknown about Bruce's final destiny, even an initial might tell something.
He found the letters several times more in the next hour, as he worked his way through the volume and the notes. They seemed to mark findings which could only be made in Italy: by going out and looking at a site, or by reading in ancient libraries.
The telephone interrupted him again. He glanced at his watch. Two o'clock already! He grew aware that he was hungry.
"Hello. Robert Kintyre speaking."
The voice in his ear was low. It stumbled the barest bit. "Professor Kintyre. This is Corinna Lombardi."
"Oh." He sat gaping into the mouthpiece like a schoolboy, feeling his heartbeat pick up. "Oh, yes," he said stupidly.
"I wanted to apologize to you."
"Hm?" With an effort, he pulled himself toward sense. "What the dev！What in the world is there to apologize for?"
"Last night. I was horrible."
Habit took over, the smoothness of having known many women; but his tone was burred. "Oh, now, please don't be silly. If you won't mind my saying so at a time like this, I thought you were quite extraordinarily pleasant to meet."
Did he catch the unsubstantial wisp of a chuckle? "Thank you. You're very kind. But I did pull a regular Lady Macbeth. It was nerves. I was tired and miserable. I hope you'll believe how sorry I've been all day. I've spent the past half hour at the phone, trying to track you down."
"If I'd known that, I'd have laid a paper trail！Blast!" Kintyre checked himself. "Now it's my turn to ask your pardon. I wasn't thinking."
"It's all right," she said gently.
"No, but！"
"Really it is. Now that the requiem Mass has been held, the solemn one Mother wanted！it was almost like a real funeral. Everything looks different now."
"Yes, I saw the announcement. I couldn't come, I had to finish his work."
"I could envy you that," she said. Then, with a lifting in her tone: "I came back and slept. I woke up only an hour ago. It's like a curtain falling. Bruce is dead, and that will always hurt, but we can go on now with our own lives."
He hovered on the edge of decision, wondering what to do, afraid of the ghoul she might think him. A line from The Prince came: "... it is better to be impetuous than cautious, for fortune is a woman！" All right, he told himself.
"There's one thing, Miss Lombardi."
"Yes?" She waited patiently for him to sort out his words.
"I haven't forgotten what you did say last night. I went ahead and looked into it, your ideas, I mean."
"Oh?" A noncommittal noise, not openly skeptical.
"I can tell you something you may feel better for."
"What?" Caution, now, not of him but of the thing he might say.
"The phone is hardly suitable. Could we get together in person?"
"Well！" It stretched into seconds, which he found unnaturally long. Then, clearly, almost gaily: "Of course. Whenever you like."
"This evening? You're at your parents' home still, aren't you?"
"I'm going back to my own place today. But this evening will be fine."
He said with careful dryness: "Bearing in mind that I am a somewhat respectable assistant professor of history and more than a decade your senior, may I suggest dinner?"
She did actually chuckle that time. "Thank you, you may. No references needed; Bruce told me enough about you. And it's a good deal better than sitting alone brooding, isn't it?"
He had gotten the address and a six-thirty date before he wholly realized what was going on. When the phone was back in its cradle, he sat for some indefinite time. Oh, no! he thought at last. Impossible. I'm too old to be romantic and too young to be tired.
He decided to eat before going back to the manuscript.
While he went out for a sandwich and milkshake, while he walked back again, he twisted his attention to the problem of the book. It could have wrought a man's death, or it could only be a stack of inked parchment. Most likely the latter; but then who or what was L. L?
The building was gloomy when he re-entered it from sunlight. Even his office seemed dark. It took his eyes a few seconds to register the fact that the book was gone.
Chapter 9
 Kintyre stood for a little while more, scarcely thinking.
Then, during an instant, he had a vision of tiny black devils fluttering through the half-open window, lifting the volume and squeaking their way out on quick charred wings. But no, no, this was the twentieth century. We are rational, we don't believe in witchcraft, we are scientific and believe in vitamin pills, Teamwork, and the inalienable right of every language to have a country of its own. Also, the phase of the moon was wrong, and！and！
His mind steadied. He whirled about the desk, to see if the book had somehow slid off. No. He snatched up the phone and called the main office. Had anyone come into his room in the past twenty minutes? We don't know, Dr. Kintyre. No, we did not pick up your book. No, we didn't see anyone.
He put back the instrument and tried to start his thoughts. It was curiously hard. He tended to repeat himself. Someone must have come in. Yes, someone must have come in. It would be easy to do, unobserved. Someone must have come in and taken the book.
What the hell had Margery's apartment been burgled for?
That snapped him back to wakefulness. If, as Clayton had suggested yesterday, the burglar was after this volume and hadn't found it, the University was the next logical place to try.
Owens! I told him I'd go out to eat. He could have watched the entrance.
But where was he now?！Wait. Close your eyes, let the mind float free, don't strain too hard！memory bobbed to the surface. Owens had mentioned taking a room in the Bishop, a hotel conveniently near campus.
Kintyre forced himself into steadiness. If Owens had copped the book, Owens would want to get rid of it. Permanently. But leather and parchment don't burn easily. Dumping it meant too much chance of its being noticed and recovered. Owens would take it to Los Angeles with him, to destroy at leisure.
He was probably packing at this moment.
Kintyre tucked Bruce's notes into a drawer which he locked: not that they had any value without the physical evidence of the book. He went down the hall fast, a pace he kept up on the outside. His brain querned until he brought it under control. Damn it, Trig was right, there was no reason on God's earth ever to tense any muscle not actually working; and the same held true for the mind. An emotional stew would grind him down and get him to the Bishop no sooner.
It was a hard discipline, though. Kintyre had no urge to embrace Zen Buddhism, or any other faith for that matter; but he would have given much to possess the self-mastery it taught.
He entered the modest red-brick building a few blocks from Sather Gate and asked for Mr. Owens. The clerk checked the key rack and said: "Oh, yes, he came in a few minutes ago."
"I'll go on up, I'm expected," said Kintyre. It was probably not a lie.
When he knocked on the writer's door, he heard himself invited in. Owens had one suitcase open on the bed and was folding a coat into it. Another stood strapped on the floor.
He looked up (was his color a shade more rubicund?) and said, "Hullo, there. I'm glad you came by. I'm leaving tonight."
The voice was level. Perhaps too level. Kintyre closed the door and said: "I thought you were going to come and see me in my office."
"Well, I was," said Owens. "I wanted to get my packing out of the way first." He felt in the suitcase and brought out a pocket flask. "Care for a drop?"
"No," said Kintyre.
He leaned in the doorway, watching. But he saw only that Owens stood neatly attired, calm of face, steady of hands, putting up a linen suit.
"What brings you here?" asked the writer.
Kintyre countered: "Isn't this a rather sudden decision to leave?"
"Mm, yes. I made the reservation just a few minutes ago. But I haven't much reason to stay here any longer, have I?"
"The Lombardi murder."
Owens shook his head. "Poor chap. But what can I do about it? I assure you, the police didn't ask me to stay in town."
He gave Kintyre a straight look, smiled, and went on: "Why don't you sit down and talk to me, though? I'm more or less stuck till Clayton arrives. He said he'd meet me here."
"Clayton? Why！" Kintyre moved slowly forward, to the armchair Owens waved at. He continued talking, inanely. "I thought Clayton was in the City. He told me yesterday when we had lunch, he told me he'd be going right over there and didn't expect to come back to this side in the near future."
"Oh? I called him at the Fairhill, just before you got here. He was right in his suite."
Kintyre sat down. "What did you want him for?"
"To make him an offer for the Book of Witches."
"What!"
"Take it easy," advised Owens. "You don't own the thing."
The effort not to pounce left Kintyre rigid. He managed finally to say: "I suppose that was what you wanted to see me about, to offer me the same bribe Bruce wouldn't take."
"I see you've gotten a somewhat biased version." Owens' reply had the blandness of conscious mastery. "Yes, it was to be a similar offer. Not that I don't stand behind my contentions in the Borgia matter, but you people in this academic cloudland don't realize that the rest of us have a living to make. I have no time at present to dig into minutiae, and anyhow there are more important things in life. What I asked Lombardi was that he postpone the argument. Not perjure his precious self, only wait a while. There were enough other things to be written about, anent that book. He didn't have to raise the Borgia issue at all. Maybe in five or ten years！"
"Since you brought up the Borgia issue, as you call it, in the first place," said Kintyre harshly, "we in cloudland have no choice. If there's a notorious error afoot, we've got to correct it. What the hell do you think we get paid for?"
"Publicity," said Owens. "Ornament. A ritual bow in the direction of yesterday." He took forth a silver case, opened it, fetched out a long cigarette and tapped it on his thumbnail.
"You claim to be a realist," he said. "Then why don't you admit the facts? This business of scholarship, verification, the painful asymptotic approach to truth！it's dead. It went out with the society of aristocrats. This is a proletarian age." He lit the cigarette. His trained lecture-circuit voice rolled out, urbane, whimsical, with a bare touch of sadness. "He who dances must pay the piper, but he who pays the piper may call the tune. Since the bills today are all being footed by slobs, what do you expect but the onward march of slobbery? One day you'll be fired in the name of government economy. I'll hang on a little longer, because I gauge the current level of oafishness and make each succeeding book conform; but sooner or later it will be too much trouble for the public even to read my swill. Then I'll settle down to live on my investments, and perhaps I can even go back to a little honest scholarship. But not now. First I must survive."
Kintyre said slowly, caught up in spite of himself: "Granted, this is the century of the common mind. But what makes you think it will last, even long enough for you to collect on those investments? This is also the so-called atomic age."
Owens lifted his shoulders and let them fall again, gracefully. "How do I know I won't be hit by a car tomorrow? One estimates the situation and acts on probabilities."
Kintyre leaned forward. "The probabilities are all for the worst," he said. "Anyone who claims a roomful of people, all with grenades and all hating each other, will keep on acting rationally forever, is whistling past the graveyard of a dozen earlier civilizations. But I do believe scholarship！rigorous thinking！will be a survival factor. And afterward it will be one of the things which will make cultural rebuilding worth while. So I won't quit trying. It isn't for nothing."
He stood up, not as tall as Owens, but broader and smoothly moving. "Let me therefore have that manuscript back," he finished.
His enemy kept a half smile; but as he neared, Kintyre saw how cheeks and forehead began to glisten. The pupils that stared at him widened until they were two wells of dark.
"What are you talking about?" said Owens shrilly.
"You know bloody damn well what I mean. You took the Book of Witches. Give it back and we'll say no more. Otherwise！"
Kintyre was almost upon the writer. Owens backed away, holding up his cigarette like a futile sword. "Look here," he protested. "Look here, now."
There came a rap on the door. Owens went limp with relief. "Come in!" he yelled.
Kintyre realized bitterly how he had been snared. Owens had thrown out words which he knew the other must stop to answer. It had gained him a few seconds that might well make his victory; Kintyre took him for a physical coward who would not have stood up long even to verbal browbeating.
Or did I actually intend to wring it from him with my hands? The thought was so shocking that Kintyre stepped back.
Gerald Clayton entered, massive in gray, his narrow face wearing only a routine smile. It became more nearly genuine when he saw Kintyre. "Why, hello, there," he said. "What's going on?"
Owens threw his opponent a look. If you don't say anything about this, I won't. Kintyre held himself expressionless, waiting.
"Sit down, Mr. Clayton, do sit down." Owens gestured him to a chair. "I appreciate your coming. I know your time is valuable."
The importer seated himself and took out a cigar. Owens hovered around with his pocket flask; the drink was declined. Kintyre leaned against the wall, arms folded, and strove for calm.
"I wasn't very busy," said Clayton. "Glad of a chance to get away, in fact." He nodded at Kintyre and explained: "Something came up which forces me to stay in Berkeley at least till tomorrow. But it involves mostly waiting till I can see the person in question. So what did you want, Jabez?"
Owens shot another glance at Kintyre, gathered himself, and said: "I wondered if you'd be interested in selling the Liber Veneficarum?"
Clayton's mouth bent upward, creasing his lean cheeks. "Whatever for?" he asked, almost merrily. "I'm a collector."
"Well." Owens sat down on the bed, more at ease now. "You're aware of my argument with Bruce Lombardi. I admit it's possible I was cheated on those letters！" or commissioned the forgeries yourself, reflected Kintyre！"and if not, at least the case against me deserves careful refutation. So I would like to have the manuscript, to study at my own leisure."
"And never get around to publishing your findings?" asked Clayton. But he said it in a twitting, inoffensive tone.
"It might take me a few years," said Owens doggedly. "I've other work to do. However, I'm prepared to make a fair offer for the book. Or, if you don't want to sell, I would like to borrow it for a year or two, under suitable guarantees against loss."
Clayton rubbed his chin. "Seems to me that Bob has some rights in this matter," he declared.
Kintyre stepped a pace forward. His voice snapped out: "The reason I came here is that the manuscript was stolen from me."
"What?" Clayton shouted it, half rose, sat down again and puffed hard at his cigar. "What happened?" he said roughly.
Kintyre related the morning. "It fits pretty well," he concluded. "First he plans an attempt to bribe me, as he tried to bribe Bruce. Did you know he offered Bruce five thousand dollars to withhold his findings? I mention on the phone I'll be going out to lunch. Since he doesn't really expect I'll bribe either, Owens hangs around. When he sees me leave, he ducks up into my office. If the book isn't there, he can always try the original scheme. But it's right on my desk, and I apologize for my own carelessness. Owens takes it back here. Then, to cover himself, he phones you with this offer to buy！as if he didn't know it was gone!"
Kintyre finished in a growl: "That suitcase on the floor, already packed, would hold a quarto volume very easily."
Clayton remained impassive.
The writer said with strained calm: "I ask you to witness this, sir. I'm thinking of a suit for slander."
"That book is worth enough to make it theft grand larceny," said Clayton.
"And what alibi does the good Professor Kintyre have?" flung Owens.
"Who but you has a motive for the book to disappear?" said Kintyre. "By God！"
Owens got off the bed and retreated again. Kintyre strode up to him and laid a hand about his wrist. He did not squeeze unduly hard, but Owens opened his mouth to scream, face going paper colored. Kintyre dropped the wrist as if it had turned incandescent. The reaction was unnatural enough, to his mind, to jar him physically.
"That'll do!" rumbled Clayton. He stood up. His grizzled ruddy hair made Kintyre think of a lion's mane, a fighting cock's comb; this man had slugged his own way up from nothingness.
"That'll do," he repeated. "If we can't settle it between ourselves like gentlemen, we'd better call the police."
Owens fumbled his way to the pocket flask, raised it and gulped. A little blood returned to his skin. "I thought you were going to hit me," he said in a tiny voice. "I never could！"
"Owens," said Clayton, "did you steal the book?" His tone fell like iron.
"No." The writer put his flask down on the bureau. He remained standing above it, leaning on his hands, looking back over a hunched shoulder. "No, of course not."
"Mind if we look around to make sure?"
"I don't wish my baggage opened," said Owens. "You haven't the right."
Kintyre, with a measure of control restored to him, said: "We could prefer charges and have the police look."
"Go ahead," said Owens more firmly. "I'll sue you for every nickel you've got. I'd enjoy that."
"I don't like trouble," said Clayton. "If you have the book, return it. We'll say you！borrowed it！nobody else ever has to hear a word."
Owens whirled around. "That's a reflection on my integrity!" he shouted.
"If you really are innocent," said Clayton in a patient way, "I should think you'd want your integrity confirmed."
Owens studied them for a moment.
"All right," he said. "I don't blame you, Mr. Clayton. Your reaction is very understandable. But this character！Mr. Clayton, in case I decide to sue him, and I probably will, remember exactly what happened today. Now go ahead and search."
The importer squatted by the suitcase. It didn't take him long to go through the neatly packed clothing. There was no book.
Chapter 10
 "Somewhere else," mumbled Kintyre. "Under the bed."
"Stand aside," said Clayton.
He went to work, peering, poking, moving about the room and its bath like a professional. He found places to check which Kintyre would not have thought of in a week's hunt; and yet the broad ropy-veined hands, which had once wielded a shovel, made little disarrangement.
Owens sat down, poured himself another drink, and sipped as if it were victory he tasted. Kintyre stood by the window sill, wrestling himself toward calm. He had not yet fully achieved it when Clayton said: "Not in here."
"Well," murmured Owens.
Clayton puffed blue smoke, sat down on the bed, and gave them both a quizzical glance. "I suppose an apology is in order," he said.
Owens waved his cigarette. "Look," he replied, giving it the complete treatment, "I've cooled off a bit myself. I can see how you were overwrought, Professor, from the death of your friend！and, to be sure, the loss of a valuable relic entrusted to you." Kintyre held his mouth stiff. "If you'll take this as a lesson, I for my part am willing to forget it."
"You might thank the man, Bob," added Clayton lightly.
Kintyre grunted. What could you say?
"It's worth while reviewing the facts, though," went on Clayton. "Maybe between us we can figure who did swipe it."
"No students around," said Owens.
"True. But anybody could have lounged outside till Bob left and then walked up into his office, without much risk of being seen. Right?"
Kintyre nodded. His neck ached with tension.
"Okay." Clayton blew a smoke ring. "I guess we can rule out an ordinary thief. He wouldn't pick a college building. How about other people with offices there?"
Kintyre stirred. "Now, wait," he began.
Clayton waved him back. "Take it easy, Bob. Just for the record, is anybody but you working in that place between sessions?"
"Well, some," he forced himself to say. "It's a sizable department. And then the clerical staff, and janitors. But for God's sake!"
"Their own office doors wouldn't be locked, though?"
"Hm? No, I suppose not. At least, a number wouldn't be. Even if they weren't in today, there'd be nothing to steal."
"Except manuscripts." Owens had been seated, listening with a tolerant smile. Now he said in a cool voice, "Not to follow the recent bad example of accusations, but what is your alibi, Kintyre?"
"No motive!"
"Oh? I daresay there are other wealthy collectors besides Mr. Clayton. With your contacts, you could have learned who they are. Mind you, I don't charge you with anything, but！"
"Cut it out," interrupted Clayton. It was so cold a phrase that they both turned startled faces to him.
He got up. "This farce has gone on long enough," he said. "Jabez, give me my book."
"What?" Owens leaned away. Clayton walked toward him. Owens lifted a fending arm.
"I don't feel like hunting through a lot of rooms for it," said Clayton. "Which did you leave it in?"
"But！but！but！"
"Do I have to spell it out? It's plain to see, either you or Bob took the thing. Who the hell else is there? I credit Bob with brains enough to steal it more neatly. Like setting an 'accidental' fire he could tell me burned it. You had to work fast, though. Play by ear. You grabbed it exactly as Bob thought. Only you realized he'd come back in a few minutes and go howling on your trail. What better way to throw him off it than to let him make a fool of himself before me！me, the owner, who's really got a right to blow his stack?"
Clayton stood over Owens with the big fists on his hips, beating him about the head with words. "You left it in one of those empty offices, or maybe in the can. They won't lock the main entrance till five o'clock or so, I guess. You could have picked the thing up again at your convenience, when Bob had gone off with his tail between his legs. It was fun while it lasted, Jabez, but now suppose you tell me where that book is."
"I didn't!" screamed Owens.
"I don't want to press charges," said Clayton. "Tell me, and we'll call it quits. Otherwise we can all wait right here for the police."
Owens began to shake. Kintyre looked away, feeling a little sick himself. "All right," said Clayton and picked up the phone.
"No," whimpered Owens. "Don't."
"Well?" Clayton paused, one finger in a dial hole.
Owens got out a room number. "Under the desk," he added, and lowered his face into his hands.
"Can we check that from here?" asked Clayton.
Kintyre nodded, took the phone and called the department. He asked one of the girls to look, feeding her a story about having lent the volume out. Then he held the line and waited.
"Well," said Clayton. He drew on his cigar, relaxed visibly, and laughed. "Maybe I ought to set up as a private eye. Know any hard-boiled blondes?"
"Nice work," said Kintyre inadequately. "Good Lord, if that book really had been lost!"
"It wouldn't have been your fault," said Clayton. "Forget it."
Kintyre looked down at a shuddering back. "It seems to be my turn now, Owens," he said. "No hard feelings. Va' tu con Dio."
"No," said Clayton. "I'm afraid not."
Kintyre stared up again, into the narrow face and the deeply ridged eyes. "I thought," he said, "I thought you wouldn't！"
"Prefer charges? Not about a lousy manuscript. My time's worth too much. But Bruce Lombardi was murdered, remember?"
Owens lifted a seared countenance and gasped: "No, you can spare me that much, can't you?"
"I hope so," said Clayton impersonally. "But the fact remains, Bruce was a threat to a fat piece of Hollywood cash."
"He was going to expose the Borgia fraud publicly, as well as in specialized journals," said Kintyre, not wanting to.
"That made it even more urgent," said Clayton. "If Bruce should die and the book disappear, I don't know who'd stand to benefit more than you."
Owens emitted a little moaning noise and shriveled back into the mask of his hands. "You see?" said Clayton.
"Wait," protested Kintyre. "I can't really believe he！"
"I'm open to proof," said Clayton.
Kintyre fell silent.
After a while the girl's voice said in the phone: "I found it, Dr. Kintyre. Right where you told me."
"Thanks a lot," he answered automatically. "Would you put it in the safe?" He nodded and hung up.
"Good," said Clayton. He spoke slowly and carefully to Owens' bent head: "We'll leave now. You stay around Berkeley for a while. I'm going to have to call your motive to the attention of the police, so if you left there'd probably be a warrant for you by tonight. But I won't say anything about your peccadillo this afternoon. And if you're innocent, I recommend that you start scrounging around for witnesses to where you were all weekend."
"Whoof!" said Kintyre when he was in the lobby. "I wouldn't like to go through that again."
"Nor I," said Clayton. "Let's have something wet."
They went into the coffee shop and ordered. Kintyre said: "Owens didn't do the murder. I doubt if he's capable of killing his own flies."
"Himself," said Clayton shortly. "He could have hired a torpedo. He's got money enough. Not that killers come fabulously expensive."
Almost, Kintyre told him of last night. He stopped with the words at his teeth. After this hour's performance, it seemed too probable that Clayton would insist on telling the San Francisco authorities about Larkin, on the instant, and the consequences to Guido (and thereby to Guido's parents and Corinna) go hang.
As far as that goes, I suppose I've made myself an accessory after the fact or something.
They remained in a companionable silence until the coffee had arrived. It was refreshing to know an unfrantic businessman; but then, Clayton had acquired a lot of European traits.
The importer asked suddenly: "Have you seen Miss Towne?"
"Not today," said Kintyre, surprised.
"Were you planning to?"
"Why！yes. I thought I'd drop around this afternoon. She told me she didn't feel up to working for the rest of this week."
"It might be better if she did," said Clayton. "She'll sit at home and grieve, or go out and laugh more than she means. Drinking too much in either case."
"You seem to know her pretty well," said Kintyre. He felt a bit annoyed, he didn't know why.
"I met her a few times is all. But she's pretty transparent, under all that careful sophistication, isn't she?" Clayton stirred his coffee, focusing on the spoon as if it were some precision instrument. "A good kid."
"She's all right," said Kintyre.
"I suppose you feel an obligation toward her?"
Kintyre bridled. "I didn't mean to keyhole," said Clayton hurriedly. "I just couldn't help wondering what'll become of her. Somebody has to help her over the hump. She'll never make it alone."
Against his own principles of respect for privacy, Kintyre found himself speculating. Where had Clayton picked up such intuitions? His first wife, whom he had loved, seemed by his few chance remarks and his Who's Who biography to have been the conventional helpmeet of a conventional young man in the thirties: grocery clerk, salesman, pitchforked down by the Depression, up again via WPA to construction foreman to warehouse foreman to minor executive. Finally she got tuberculosis, with complications, and took a couple of years to die. The medical bills ruined him; he parked the three children with relatives for years. Afterward, on the way up once more in the defense boom and the early war boom, he married the boss's daughter. He got to be general superintendent of an aircraft plant before he learned what a bitch she was. The divorce cost him that job and his savings. He applied for an Army commission and got one in 1943.
Kintyre knew little else; his information was only the gossip one is bound to encounter. Clayton had been a fairly large figure in Italy when Kintyre went over for the second time.
"Eh?" he said, pulled back to awareness.
"I asked if you wanted to take her out tonight," repeated Clayton.
"Uh！"
"Somebody ought to." As if he had heard Kintyre's thoughts, Clayton said with an enormous gentleness: "She reminds me a lot of my daughter."
Clayton had never had any great chance to be a father, reflected Kintyre. After the war, his kids ended up in exclusive boarding schools while Dad was overseas reaping the money to keep them there. Now they were grown. The girl had been graduated last year and was still making her Grand Tour. Clayton sometimes bragged about her, in clumsy generalities: he scarcely knew her as a person. The second son was also worth a cautious boast or two, apparently a solid-citizen type, an engineer; he and his father doubtless exchanged very dutiful letters. The older boy, you didn't hear much about. You got an impression of a sinecure in the firm's New York office and divorce number three currently going through the mill.
Kintyre wondered, suddenly, if he had ever known anyone more alone than Clayton.
It came to him that an answer was expected. "No," he said, "I have another engagement this evening."
"Not one you could break? She does need help."
"So does Miss Lombardi. Bruce's sister. I have some news for her that could make a big difference."
Clayton paused a moment. Then he grinned. "Well, in that case," he said, "d'you mind if I squire Miss Towne?"
Kintyre looked up, startled. He had been slipping into a mood of utter oleaginous sentimentalism. Pity Clayton? The hell! You wouldn't think the man was past forty. He sat there with more life in his eyes than two buccaneer captains.
"Good heavens, no," exclaimed Kintyre. "Why ever should I?"
Margery could do a lot worse, he thought. He knew his eagerness was chiefly to get rid of whatever responsibility he bore for her. Nevertheless！A lot worse!
Chapter 11
 It was after four when Kintyre entered Margery's apartment. She had neglected its housekeeping, and the air was acrid with smoke.
Slacks and sweater emphasized her figure. He had almost forgotten how good it was. When she sprang from the couch and into his arms he found himself kissing her without really having intended to.
"Oh, God, Bob," she whispered. "You came. Hold me close, kiss me again, I need it."
Her nails dug into his flesh, painfully, and her lips were tense against his. And yet it was but little a sexual passion, he realized; she was altogether forlorn.
"Rough?" he asked. He freed one arm and rumpled the short coppery hair.
"Reporters," she said. "Waiting at the door when I came home today. Like flies around a corpse."
The phone rang. She left it alone; the bell had been turned down. "Most likely someone else panting to pry," she said.
"How！oh, yes," said Kintyre. "The burglary would put them on to it. Or just asking around. You didn't really think your connection with Bruce would escape discovery forever?"
"It'll be smeared over every newsstand in the area. Big black mouth-licking headlines." She raised reddened eyes. "I was at the service this morning. It was all so calm and！I don't know！so right. Even for him." She pulled herself away, picked up a handkerchief and blew her nose. "Excuse me. I can't help it. That was the only sane part of the day. His parents were there, of course, that decent old couple. I didn't have the nerve to talk to them. And now they'll see! They'll know that every moron in town knows their son they were so proud of was, was, with me!"
She fell into a chair, coughing. The phone stopped its petulance.
Kintyre said: "After all, pony, it's no crime in this state. Nor is it a very black sin in the Church. I wouldn't be at all surprised if the Lombardis got in touch with you in the friendliest way. If you loved Bruce too！"
"Did I?" She didn't look at him. "I liked him, yes, but love? Not in the usual sense of the word."
"Which is a pretty neurotic sense anyway, if you're past adolescence," said Kintyre in his driest voice.
She had regained her balance. She reached for a compact and began repairing her makeup. "Bob," she said, "for an intelligent man you can make some of the stupidest remarks on record."
Kintyre smiled. "At least I riled you out of a tailspin." He wandered across the room to the coffee table. An empty cup and an ashtray overflowing with lipsticked butts rested by the long cardboard boxes where Bruce had kept his letters. They were open, and one of the sheets lay out.
Margery came over and took his arm. "I was going through it," she said, suddenly anxious for the everyday. "Mostly it was business correspondence, official papers, that sort of thing. But there's one file in Italian. Maybe you can tell me what it means." The phone buzzed. "Shut up, God damn it!"
Kintyre sat down, taking out a cigarette for himself. He did not quite like reading a dead man's mail. But doubtless it had to be done. "I'll make some more coffee," said Margery. She went out to the kitchen; his eyes shifted in her direction and he felt the animal pleasure of watching her walk. It was possible！once more, after a decent interval?
Then he realized that the lilt within him was because he would be seeing Corinna.
He bent his attention to the file. Sloppy in many other respects, Bruce had been meticulous here. If it was likely to have any future value at all, he typed his own letter, making a carbon for himself, and kept the reply, folded. The section indexed Luigi Lombardi held at least a year's worth of mail.
Luigi. Oh, yes, the uncle in the secret service, amateur scholar！hoy, there! L. L., of course. Kintyre felt chagrined. So much for that mystery. Bruce had only been noting those sections where he would be making an acknowledgment of his uncle's help.
Kintyre began leafing through. No point in reading every word about Aunt Sofia's arthritis or Cousin Giovanni's marriage. But there were pages, where Luigi described exactly what he had looked into for Bruce, that had not yet been transcribed. Those should be preserved, they were essential to the completion of the thesis.
Nothing else had occurred to Kintyre than that it would be finished and published, under Bruce's name.
Yes. Here was that reference to the Milanese archives. It concluded: "... would like to look through the libraries and store-rooms of the older aristocratic homes in this neighborhood. Quite possibly a contemporary reference exists, in a letter or diary. But the time and the introductions are not available to a poor policeman. Why do you not ask your rich American friend Clayton to have it done?"
Bruce's reply was grateful, but forebore to answer that faintly sarcastic question. Uncle Luigi took it up next time. Kintyre remembered the man, how he tried hard to be fair but was unable to refrain from cracks about Americans. It was only natural, if you were the patriot of a poor country: a form of self-defense.
"... Not another Medici. Do you seriously believe he cares about these old books? It is his particular camouflage, to get him among people of breeding who can be useful. His real friends are a coarser sort, if indeed he has any friends except his bank accounts."
Bruce protested: "... He had to make his own way in a world of fists. I think he has done very well, not only as a financier but as a human being. You cannot safely compare him with your own postwar newly-rich. From what I hear, many of them are crasser than any American parvenu ever dared to be. But let us not exchange ritual insults."
Uncle Luigi answered a query about the Sicilian terrain and twisted it around to his particular obsession: "... if you believe his standardized success story. Use your reason, my nephew. Clayton was an Army officer in this country during the last two years of the war. After his discharge, he came right back here. It is uncertain what he did in the next couple of years. Out of a slightly malicious curiosity I checked with the appropriate bureau, and he was registered only as a visitor, who went in and out of our borders. Then suddenly, in 1949, he applied for his business permits. He had obtained the American agency for that new line of motor scooters. Since then, his rise has been somewhat swifter than can be accounted for merely by pyramiding profits. What follows from this, Bruce? (And again I ask why your father had to become so American that he visited that name upon you.) Why, since he had only his military pay during the war, and on his civilian return had no source of income within Italy for two years！he must have been drawing on a considerable capital in America! Our records show him obtaining most of his lire for Swiss francs. Evidently he deposits his dollars in Switzerland, which you know has a free money market, converts them to other currencies as needed, buys goods, and ships those to America to earn more dollars. Therefore all this story he has told you (what is your phrase, from rags to Algernon?) is so much pretentious hokum. Clayton started as a rich man."
Margery came in with coffee. "What are you finding out?" she asked.
"Mostly gossip," said Kintyre. He repeated the gist to her.
"Oh, I remember that. It was several months ago." She sat down on the couch beside him. "Bruce was furious. He thought the world of Clayton. He wrote to Indianapolis and Des Moines and so on. It took him weeks to check everything, through local newspaper offices, old friends, that kind of reference. It's perfectly true, though. I doubt if Clayton had a thousand dollars left to his name when he joined the Army.
"Bruce hadn't gotten around to it yet, but he was going to assemble the facts, with clippings and personal correspondence, and send it all to Luigi in one devastating package. Especially after the last couple of letters he got. Luigi said there was no evidence Clayton had floated a loan to get his start, and wondered if he mightn't have done some currency black marketing. Bruce really blew his top at that."
"Oh?" said Kintyre. He should be on his way soon, he thought, and use the short time until then to be good to Margery. But a certain sense of the chase was on him. Trained to scan reading matter, he found the passage he wanted in a few minutes. Bruce's anger spoke through a cage of civilized words:
"... I am not one of our radical rightists, but I too resent this eternal meddling which is the modern idea of government. It would not surprise me if Clayton profited originally on the free exchange, when the postwar official rates were so ludicrously unreal. Who didn't, in those days? But if so, I say he did you all a service! I swear you could double your production over there simply by abolishing those medieval frontiers and restrictions, and putting the customs men to useful jobs!"
Luigi, after the inevitable reference to American tariffs, wrote: "The problem is more serious and urgent than you understand. One hears less about it than about your similar troubles, but we in the old countries are having our own postwar crime wave. And some of these syndicates are！not mere black markets, not mere smugglers of an occasional perfume bottle！but dealers in narcotics, prostitution, gun-running, extortion, blackmail, counterfeiting, corruption, and murder.
"Yes, I blame your government in part. We watch the criminals they deport to us, but we cannot forbid everyone to come talk to them. There is influence, there is advice. From the Communists these syndicates have also learned much, including the cell type of organization. We can arrest a man here and a man there, but he can only lead us to a few others. Sometimes we think we have identified an organizing brain, but it does not always follow that he can be seized. Not even in this country, where the police have a latitude that I am sure your Anglo-Saxon mind would be shocked by. I name no names, but now and again something rises to the surface, a scandal, the corpse of a young woman who belonged to a proud family, a member of the parliament seen in dubious places！and nothing comes of it. The newspapers are forbidden to follow the story to its end; everywhere protecting hands are reached out.
"Give us time, we will settle with these latter-day condottieri. Meanwhile, I could wish your Clayton were more circumspect in his choice of friends. He associates somewhat (not very much, to be sure, and there are business reasons) with a dealer named Dolce. And Dolce is a hard man from the slums of Naples. One of his associates is the deported Italian-American criminal chief named！"
Bruce's reply to this was a single explosive line: "And you used to wring your hands at me about Senator McCarthy!"
Kintyre put the box aside. He had been translating as he read, in a rapid mutter. "That's the end," he said. "Bruce wrote that two weeks ago, and I guess the uncle hasn't replied yet."
"Clayton," said Margery on a note of horror. "Do you think maybe！?"
"That he's a crook? No. I don't know much about it, but I should certainly imagine that anybody who wanted to keep an import license would have to keep his nose pretty clean. If Clayton started hanging around with, oh, say Chicago gunmen, the FBI would be on his tail in a matter of weeks."
"But couldn't he！"
"Forget Clayton. He's alibied for every minute of that weekend. As for hiring professionals, look, pony, suppose you wanted such a job done. How would you find the pros?"
"Why！" She hesitated, lifting a small hand to her chin. "I don't know."
"You're a law-abiding citizen, so you don't know. Clayton is also reasonably law-abiding. He's got to be. The Italian police might conceivably not be aware of it if Clayton were doing something illicit. Over there, he could operate internationally. But the United States is another proposition. We talk about our free enterprise, but the plain fact is that an American businessman is required to operate in a goldfish bowl, under innumerable petti-fogging regulations. So, I repeat, Clayton must be more or less straight. Even if the US government was unable to indict him for anything, they could rescind his various licenses, virtually by fiat.
"How, then, would he get in touch with an assassin? Walk into a tough bar and ask? Large laugh." Kintyre threw away his cigarette stub. "Oh, sure, given enough time, you or I or anyone could locate a murderer. But this job must have been done on short notice. There was nothing in Bruce's previous life to bring it on. You know how burblesome he was; could he have kept from you, for weeks, the fact that he knew something big? Of course not. Nor from me, or any of his associates. Ergo, it was something he blundered onto lately, probably without even realizing its significance. The person who was threatened by this had to react fast: find his killers and get them here, or do the job himself, within days. That lets Clayton out."
Margery nodded, a trifle overwhelmed. "I'm glad," she said. "I like him, the little I've seen."
"Yeh." Kintyre thought a couple of hours back. "Me too."
She smiled. "But there's still something that he isn't telling. I'm curious to know what."
"You may have your chance to find out tonight," said Kintyre. "I saw him and he mentioned he would call up and ask for a dinner date."
"Oh!" She looked at him, round-eyed. "And I haven't been answering!"
Kintyre laughed. "Turn up that phone bell right away, gal."
She shook her head. The blue eyes darkened with pain. "Only so I could say no in a nice way."
"Huh?"
"I'm not interested. Not yet." For an instant, there was a brightening across her face. "Unless you, Bob！"
"Sorry, kid. I'm tied up tonight." He checked his watch. "In fact, I should have left already."
"Oh," she said listlessly.
"Look here," he said. He took her by the shoulders and forced her to turn around and meet his gaze. "This can only go on so long, then they put you in the foundry. Bruce is dead. We're still alive. Start acting like it."
"It's only been！two days? Three?" She twisted away from him. "Give me time to get used to it."
"You never will, at this rate. I know you."
"You should," she said with a flick of anger. "Your castoff mistress."
"Castoff, hellfire! We terminated an association which！"
"Yes, yes. I've heard that line too. You warned me and so on. Go ahead, call yourself a gentleman."
"Mar&ograve;n!" He sprang to his feet and paced the floor. She leaned back and watched him, breathing hard.
Eventually his temper cooled. "Margery," he said, "I think I know what Bruce meant to you. Besides being someone you cared for, I mean. He was your chance at emotional security, wasn't he? A home, children. Why don't you admit it, you'll always be the little girl from Ohio, and what's wrong with that? The average man will breed the unaverage one again, someday when the human race gets back its health. He has before. But these hipster types are a biological and cultural dead end.
"I can't build your house in Ohio for you. Forget me. Bruce was not your last chance, but if you sit on your tocus feeling sorry for yourself, he will have been. Get the devil out of this hole!"
"Thanks for the counsel," she said. It fell flatly on his ears. The rising fury tinted her and tensed her; she spoke through jaws held stiff. "So much cheaper than help, isn't it? But it happens I choose to stay home tonight. Alone. Starting at once."
Kintyre stopped in midstride. "I'm sorry," he said. "I'm not sure what I did wrong just now, but I'm sorry."
She slumped. "Please go away," she said without tone. "Call me tomorrow if you want, but please go away now."
"All right," he said.
She didn't stir as he went out the door.
He walked fast, being late. Anger changed to concern, and then that faded too, when he had Corinna to think about. Margery would be feeling better tomorrow, he could make friends again. At the moment, he needed a bath and a shave and a change of clothes.
Headlines on a news rack caught his eye, an extra edition. Peter and Eugene Michaelis had been arrested on suspicion of murder.
Chapter 12
 Corinna had an apartment on a quiet street not far from Golden Gate Park. Kintyre had been told by Bruce that she worked on the staff of a small art museum, belonged to a little theater group, owned a light target rifle, and made most of her own clothes. He had seen for himself that she spoke Italian. That was all. He felt ridiculously like a schoolboy on his first date.
She opened her door and smiled him in. High heels put her almost on a level with him. She wore black, which set off her pale hair, but the sleeves flared and the skirt swirled: it was not mourning.
"I'm nearly ready, Dr. Kintyre. Won't you sit down? Watch out for the cat, she bites."
Kintyre enjoyed cats; he would have kept one himself if he had wanted to assume obligations. This was that loveliest of the tribe, a blue-point Siamese, white as new snow and markings like twilight. She flowed up toward his extended fist as he settled in a chair. "What's the name?" he asked.
"Taffimai Metallumai," said Corinna, returning to her bedroom. "If you remember your Kipling, that means Small-Person-Without-Any-Manners-Who-Ought-To-Be-Spanked. But she lives under the name of Tipsy. Gold letters over her door, and so on."
He looked around. This room was individualistically decorated, she must have done it herself, in reds and blues and a couple of delicate Chinese paintings. Her books ran toward poetry, drama, and art; but one shelf held the popular works of Gamow, Russell, Ley, and company. There was a medium-fi and a lot of good records.
Taffimai Metallumai levitated up onto his lap, gave him a sleepy turquoise look, and ordered him to scratch her beneath the chin. She was pure hard muscle under the virginal fur; she must weigh twice as much as any peasant cat her size.
Kintyre took his attention from the corner where a small worktable held an unfinished papier-mach└ mask. Corinna was coming back in. "That was quick," he said, rising.
"Oh, don't! You're catted! Oh, dear!"
He looked at his gashed thumb. Tipsy told him in a few well chosen words that he had no business upsetting her without warning.
Corinna's eyes were green distress. "People never do believe my warning," she said, "and then Snow Leopard j.g. makes a lunch off them and！Can I tell you how sorry I am?"
"Occupational hazard if you like cats," Kintyre answered. "And I do. We might put on some stickum, just for appearances."
She regarded him closely. "I believe you mean that," she said. "Thank you." She led him to the bathroom. The route gave him a glimpse of her kitchen and a crammed shelf of herbs and spices.
"Instead of going out," he said as he repaired the damage, "I could probably get a better dinner here."
"Why, I hadn't prepared anything, but！"
"Nonsense. Maybe you'll give me a rain check. Let's go."
Tipsy assured him that she bore no hard feelings, and he stroked her with real pleasure. It occurred to him that there was something pathetic about Margery's little caged parakeet, set beside this beautiful killing engine.
"You're quite a scientist," he remarked, nodding at the books.
"Only as a spectator," said Corinna. "I would have liked to get a degree in math, but we hadn't the money and I was needed to help in the restaurant." Her explanation was unresentful.
He helped her into her coat and they went down to his car. "Where are we going?" she asked.
"I know a Dutch place near Russian Hill," he told her. "Ever been there? No? Good. Dutch cuisine is badly underrated. It's fully comparable to the French, in its own way."
She fell silent. He stole a look at the Egyptian profile; it was grave again.
"Forgive me if I'm tactless," he said.
"You aren't. You're very kind to come and！What good would we do Bruce, sitting around with our faces dragging on the floor?"
"I thought as much myself," he ventured. "But then, I was only a friend."
"Bruce never had a better one. I rather imagine you knew him more intimately than any of his kin. He grew away from us, toward something of his own. As was right, of course."
Kintyre had no reply.
"And then," she said in a matter-of-fact tone, "he was good. Not holy, but good. I don't think he will be too long in Purgatory."
Kintyre, for whom the soul was a metaphor, had to think over every aspect of her remark until he could understand that, quite simply, she believed it. That was not a consolation he wished to take from her.
"But damn," she whispered, "I'll miss him!"
They drove on in silence. At last she said, more awkwardly than the average modern woman: "I have to ask you about one thing. I saw a newspaper today. This girl he！he knew！"
"Yes," said Kintyre, focusing intently on the traffic. "I know her. They were living together. She's an altogether fine person who would have made him a wonderful wife. Bruce was very much in love with her and wanted to get married. She hesitated only because she！was afraid she might hurt him！she would have changed her mind soon. They were happy."
Corinna sighed. He could almost feel how she relaxed. "Thank you," she said. "I have a lot to thank you for, haven't I? We needn't say any more about this except！if the girl would like to see me, or have me visit her, I'd be more than glad to."
"I think so," said Kintyre. "In a few more days."
At once he damned himself for an idiot. He had spoken truth; but it gave Margery the chance to relate a few truths of her own, if she chose, and what might come of that?
They spoke little for the remainder of the drive. It was, somehow, a restful quietness.
It was broken when they stepped from the car. Another news rack faced them, with ARREST FATHER, SON FOR LOMBARDI MURDER staggering across the page.
Corinna drew a gasp. She snatched Kintyre's hand with fingers that were suddenly cold. "Santa Maria," she mumbled.
He steadied her. "Easy, there," he said.
"I knew it." Her voice came saw-toothed. "I knew it was them. What does it say?"
He bent over the page. "Not much more than that. Picked up this afternoon on suspicion, father and son. No details."
"It'll be out tomorrow. Everything. And then the trial."
"I thought you were all for this," he said. "You were convinced of their guilt and！"
"I wasn't thinking. I was only hurt, and tired. No, I don't want it to be this way." Slowly, she stiffened herself. "But so be it, then. Can I have a drink?"
"You can have more than that." He steered her along the sidewalk. She still moved a little unsurely. "You can have the news I mainly came to give you."
"What?"
"The Michaelises are not guilty."
A bar stood by their path. He led her inside, to a booth. The drab routine of checking Corinna's age seemed to help calm her. She asked for straight Irish whisky, he took beer.
Only then did she challenge him: "How do you know?"
"It's a long story," he said, "and frankly, I'm not certain how much of it you should hear. So suppose you begin by telling me why you think they did it."
"The police！"
"Uh-huh. They paid a little more attention to your ideas than you thought. They checked and found Gene had dropped out of sight over the weekend. He and his father refused to cooperate, doubtless being very surly about it, so now they're in the calaboose. But what could their motive have been in the first place?"
Her fingers twisted together. "Oh, all that business years ago, when their boat rammed Dad's."
"What more? It's something to do with you, isn't it?"
"Yes. Nothing disgraceful, I suppose. But ugly. A million people sniggering over this new revelation about our family！isn't there going to be end to it, ever?"
The drinks came. She tossed hers off recklessly and asked for another. While she waited, and he worked on his beer, she looked squarely across the table at him and said:
"Gene came back from the Navy last summer. He looked up Bruce in Berkeley. Bruce took him home to our parents for dinner; I happened to be there too. Gene gave me quite a play. He could be very charming. We had a number of dates." The color crept into her face, but she went on: "Yes, he did his best to seduce me. When that didn't work, he asked me to marry him. Every time we went out, it would end up with a proposal！and a wrestling match. I liked him, though. And he'd moved back to San Francisco from the Eastbay, taken a different job, just to be near me. Who wouldn't be flattered, and touched? But I finally had to lay down the law. It was a fight, physically, to make him behave. I caught a taxi home."
The waitress came back. Corinna picked up her second glass and sipped slowly. "He apologized the next day," she said, "but I told him I couldn't go out with him any more. He seemed to take it pretty well, said he would go back to Chicago！he'd spent a lot of time there once！but he asked for some kind of send-off. I！I spoke to Bruce. Gene had always been an admirer of Bruce. Odd, that big, husky, world-tramping fellow, admiring Bruce. We couldn't just drop him like that. We arranged a double date for a weekend early in December, a trip down to Carmel. I knew Bruce was in love, he couldn't hide that, but I asked him to take a friend of mine from the theater. It would make the atmosphere different. Safer, I thought."
Corinna stared into her drink. "We got a couple of hotel rooms down there," she said flatly. "We did a little drinking. Gene did more than a little. He made several open passes at me. I was afraid of a fight, but this girl and I got to bed at last. Back in their room, Gene's and Bruce's, Gene kept on drinking. He urged Bruce to come with him, into our room. Well, what would you expect? Bruce lost his temper and threw a punch at him. It couldn't have hurt！outside！but I wonder what it did to Gene, really. He started screaming about how we were all against him. I could hear him through the wall. We'd come down in his car. He said we could all find our own way home, he staggered out to his car and drove back along the highway！drunk."
Corinna brought her voice under control again. "That's all. We heard of the accident after we got home next day on the bus. We went to see him in the hospital as soon as we could. How he cursed us! Bruce was crying too, when we left."
"I know," said Kintyre. "I saw him a day or so later." And, briefly, he told her what Margery had done.
She seemed to thaw before his eyes. "If there could be such a thing as a blessed sin！"
"Now let's return to business," said Kintyre. "I want to get the nightmare off your back. Imprimis, how sorry are you for Gene? Actually?"
She hesitated. At last: "That's impossible to answer."
"He got what he asked for. It's pure luck the man in the other car wasn't killed."
"I suppose so." Hardness grew along her jawline. "And if he murdered my brother！how does the saying go? God may forgive him, but I never can."
"Good. However, secundus: He was not involved in Bruce's death."
"What makes you so certain?" she demanded, almost belligerently.
"Let me tell you what happened last night." Was it only last night?
He related it in a few words. She looked at him so strangely that he was puzzled, until it came to him that not many college professors enter waterfront tenements and throw people around.
"I hope you don't think I asked for the brawl," he finished. "I'm ashamed of it. But it gave me the proof I needed."
Her hand stole out, toward the plaster on his forehead. "Is that how you got hurt?" she asked softly.
"No." He continued hastily: "A strong possibility is that Bruce was killed by professionals. Imported murderers are likeliest, since the police will be seining all local toughs."
"Gene lived in Chicago," she murmured through tightened lips.
"Gene and his father are stonkering poor. Even if Gene has a murderer friend, such a job would not be done just as a favor."
"Then they could have done it themselves, father and son."
"Look, we had a minor scrap, the three of us. Those walls are like paper. Half the building heard it and came pounding on the door. Bruce could not have been！hurt, as he was！in that place. It would have to be somewhere else. Consider all the practical difficulties, finding an abandoned warehouse or whatever. Getting an automobile, for heaven's sake! Where would paupers like those two find the money to rent a car, even for a day?
"Oh, well, if we stretch our reasoning all out of shape, we can say they might have done all that. But one thing they could never have managed, and that was to capture Bruce in the first place. He would have tied them in bowknots."
"Bruce?" She was openly bewildered.
"Yes. Stop thinking of him as a mere bookworm. Bruce and I were going to pack into Kings Canyon, which is still pretty wild. And he was taking up judo, and doing quite well. A gun could have taken him prisoner, of course, but the Michaelises don't have a gun; they'd have gone for it last night if one were on the premises. So Bruce would have had to be slugged from behind. But there was no mark of a club on his body, no anesthetic！I have that from the police. Weaponless, neither Gene nor his father could have held Bruce for ten seconds. They're both strong, but they fall over themselves. I threw them with baby techniques."
"That's right," she said, "you do go in for judo, don't you? But Bruce said you were an expert."
"I only wear a brown belt so far. Bruce, of course, was a white. He could not have coped with one or two men who knew how to handle themselves！not necessarily judo men, just experienced fighters." Consider Terry Larkin. "However, he could certainly have thrown two unarmed Michaelises. Take my word for it. I know."
"Oh."
She studied her hands for a while.
"They'll be released in a few days at the outside," said Kintyre. "The most elementary procedures will show they're innocent. I can think of a dozen lines of proof myself. To be sure, you may be subjected to some publicity before that happens, but it will never get as far as a grand jury. Believe me."
"Thank you." When she smiled, he could see no other thing in all that dingy building. "I always seem to be thanking you."
"Which I find pleasant enough," he bowed.
"Why don't we go down to the station and explain it right now?" she asked hesitantly. "You're not afraid of being arrested for the fight, are you? That wasn't your fault."
"Oh, no. But my testimony and my reasoning aren't legally conclusive," he evaded.
"It would help a lot. It might get them out, tip the scales. I feel so sorry for them now. That poor old man!"
Kintyre looked straight into the green eyes. "Will you trust me a little bit?" he said. "Will you take my word that we can't do it immediately?"
Because the police would inquire further. Did I indeed hurt my arm and my head in that fracas? No, say the Michaelises. Where, then? I do not think their search would end short of Guido, your brother.
She bit her lip. "I hate to think of them locked up for something they haven't done."
"At the present time," he said, "my story would compromise someone else whom I also know to be innocent."
Like hell I do.
She sighed. "All right. That's good enough for me." And then, with the morning of her smile upon him again: "You've done enough for one day's knight errantry. Let's go eat."
Chapter 13
 The restaurant was small and quiet. Corinna and Kintyre had a corner table, where the light fell gently.
"By rights we should have a Genever ap└ritif," he said, "but I'm convinced Dutch gin is distilled from frogs. On the other hand, Dutch beer compares to Hof, Rothausbr?u, or Kronenbourg."
"You've traveled a lot, haven't you?" she said. "I envy you that. Never got farther than the Sierras myself."
A little embarrassed！he had not been trying to play the cosmopolite！he fell silent while she glanced at her menu. "Will you order for me?" she asked finally. "You know your way around these dishes."
He made his selections, pleased by the compliment. When the beer came, in conical half-liter glasses, he raised his: "Prosit."
"Salute." She drank slowly. "Wonderful. But this may not be wise on top of two whiskies."
"It's all right if you go easy. Take the word of a hardened bowser." He searched out an inward weariness on the strong broad face. "You could use a little anesthesia."
"Well！" She set her glass down. "Bear with me. I promise not to blubber, but I may get sentimental. Or maybe even hilarious, I don't know. I've never lost anyone close to me before now."
"I understand," said Kintyre.
"And please help me steer clear of myself," she added. "I would like to talk about Bruce, and otherwise about wholly neutral things." She managed a smile. "I've been meaning to ask you something. You're the Machiavelli specialist. Our theater did Mandragola last year. Tell me, how could the same man write that and Il Principe?"
"Actually," said Kintyre, "I would be surprised if the author of The Prince！or, rather, the Discourses on Livy, since The Prince is really just a pamphlet！I'd be surprised if he had not done sheer amusement equally well. One of the more damnable heresies of this era is its notion that a man can only be good at one thing. That versatility is not the inborn human norm."
"I've often thought the same," she said. "I suppose you know Bruce changed his major to history because of you. He took one of your classes as a freshman. Now I see why."
"Well," he stalled, and hoisted his beer.
She shifted the conversation with a tact he appreciated: "But how did you happen to get interested in it, in the Italian Renaissance yet, with a name like yours?"
"I served time in one of those private schools back East," he said. "The Romance languages master got me enthusiastic."
He paused, then continued slowly: "I entered Harvard, but Pearl Harbor happened in my sophomore year. I was in the Navy the whole war, the Pacific; fell in love with the Bay Area on my shore leaves, which is why I came here to live afterward. But during the war I had a lot of time to read and try to think where this world was going. To the wolves, I decided！like Machiavelli's world！I suppose that's why I feel so close to him. He was also studying the problem of how the decent man can survive. He spoke the truth as he saw it, because he didn't think that civilization should be encumbered with nice-nellyisms that the barbarians had already discarded. Wherefore he became the original Old Nick, and the very people！us, the free people, whom he could warn！won't listen, because we think he speaks for the enemy!"
He braked. "Sorry. I didn't mean to orate at you."
"I wish more men had convictions," she said. "Even when I don't agree. Everybody respects everybody else's sensibilities so much these days, there's nothing left to talk about but football scores."
"You're very kind," he said. "Ah, here come the appetizers. Pay special attention to the characteristically Dutch delicacy, Russian eggs, but don't ask me how they came by that name."
Later, after much talk, some of it with enough laughter to tell him she was a merry soul in better days:
A ruby spark lay in their glasses of Cherry Heering. "This isn't Dutch either," said Kintyre. "However."
"Do you know," she said, "I begin to understand the old idea of a wake. Getting the clan together and having one fine brawling celebration. It's more an act of love, really, than drawing the parlor curtains and talking in hushed voices."
"That's the Latin who speaks," he said. "We Protestant races are cursed with the tradition that misery is a virtue."
"But you, you Bostonian Scot or whatever you are！I hear a trace of accent！you approve."
"I left Boston for the Pacific at the arthritic age of nine."
"What was the reason for that?"
"My father was a marine architect. He was laid off in, uh, 1930. Being an imaginative man, he spent his savings on a schooner, hired a Mexican crew, and we all lit out for the South Seas. For seven years we lived on that schooner."
"Bruce told me you were a sailor." Her eyes were very bright upon him. "But how did you make it pay?"
"Miscellaneously. Sometimes we carried cargo and passengers between islands. The passengers were usually Kanakas, and those who didn't have money would pay us in food and hospitality when we got where we were going. Father wasn't after riches anyway. His main enterprise was to gather and prepare marine specimens, for museums and colleges and so on. Toward the end, he was making a name for himself. Well, we never saw much cash money, but we never needed a lot either."
Kintyre held his glass to the light, tossed it off and followed it with a scalding sip of coffee. Why was he speaking of this? He had barely mentioned his youth to anyone else, except Trig, who was the friend of a dozen years. Trig had led him into the dojo, hoping that its discipline of mind as well as body would strangle the horror. But Corinna had the story out of him in a matter of hours, not even knowing what she did.
He had taken her for Morna last night.
"What happened?" she asked. Her tone said that he needn't answer unless he wanted to.
"A typhoon and a lee shore," he said. "I was the only survivor."
He took out a cigarette. She folded her hands and waited, in case he should want to say more.
"That was in the Gilbert Islands," he continued after the smoke was curling down his tongue. "The British authorities shipped me home. The guardianship was wished onto a cousin of my mother's. So I went to the boarding school I spoke of, and summers I worked at a seaside resort. Don't feel sorry for me, it was quite a good life."
"But a lonely one," she said.
He grinned with a single corner of his mouth. "'He travels the fastest who travels alone.'"
"I understand a great deal now." She held her cup so lightly that he grew aware he was in danger of breaking his. Tendon by tendon, he eased his fingers. "Yes," she said after a moment. "Bruce was always puzzled by you. As I imagine most people are. You don't seem to belong anywhere, to anything or anyone. And yet you do. You belong to a world that foundered in the ocean."
It jarred him. Not given to self-analysis, he had imagined he lived a logical, well adapted round of days.
"Sometime you'll build it again," she said. "Oh, not the physical ship, you've more important things on hand, but a personal world."
And again it was a blow, to be shown himself as alien as a castaway from Mars.
"Please," he said, more roughly than he had intended. "I don't find my personality the most interesting object on earth."
She nodded, as if to herself. The long hair swept her flat high-boned cheeks. "Of course. You wouldn't."
"Perhaps I'd better take you home now," he said, without noticeable enthusiasm. "Are you working tomorrow?"
"Only if I feel like it, my boss told me. I'd planned to, but！Are you in any hurry?"
"Contrariwise." I don't think I would sleep much.
"Then could we go somewhere and talk? I'd like to ask you some things."
"I'd love to be asked. I know a place."
It was small, dark, and masculine, undegraded by jukebox or television. Kintyre led Corinna into a booth at the rear.
"They serve steam beer," he said. "The only really good beer made in this country."
"Oof! I couldn't. Another Irish, if I may. I promise to go slow." Her tone was not as light as the words.
Nonetheless, he needed a little while to sense the trouble in her.
After much time she met his eyes, obviously forcing his own. "Dr. Kintyre," she began.
He was about to ask her to use his given name; and then he thought how little intimacy could be achieved in this American cult of first-name familiarity with all the universe. "Yes?" he said.
"I would！I would have thanked you for a wonderful time, which helped me more than you know. And then I would have gone home. But！"
He waited.
"I don't know how to say it," she stumbled. "I knew you were Bruce's！Bruce's brother, the one he should have had. But only tonight could I feel it." She searched for a phrase. Finally: "I don't believe I could hurt myself by being serious with you."
"I hope not," he said, as grave as she. "I can't promise it."
"Why did you go to the Michaelises last night?"
"I'm not quite sure."
"You want to discover who killed Bruce? Isn't that it?"
"I am not a self-appointed detective. The police can do that job infinitely better than I. But I have been thinking."
"What do you think?" she persisted.
"I certainly wouldn't go accusing someone who！"
"Can you realize what Brace meant to me?" She asked it quietly, as a meaningful request for truth. "We were more than siblings. We were friends, all our lives, in a way they haven't made words for."
"I do know," he said, and he would have told it to few other creatures that lived. "I had a younger sister myself."
"Even after he left home！can you imagine the way he continued to watch over me? How often he stepped in and used a word or two to straighten out a lonesome, confused, unhappy girl whom nobody else liked; how he steered me toward the kind of people I can feel at home with; how he healed the breach with my parents, when I had to get away and they didn't understand; how he got me out of a wretched business office and into the museum, where I can like what I'm doing and believe it has some value. You knew Bruce, did you know that side of him?"
"No," said Kintyre. "He wouldn't have talked about it. Still, yes, I can imagine."
"And he was lured somewhere, and tortured, and murdered," she said. The lacquered fingernails stood white where she caught the table edge.
Kintyre didn't touch her himself, but he held out his hand. She gripped it for a while. Her face was lowered. When she let go and looked up again, he saw tears.
"I'm sorry," she gulped. "I promised not to bawl, and then！"
Kintyre let her have it out. It didn't take long, nor was it noisy.
She said at last, in a wire-thin voice: "Why was it done? Who would do it, to him of all people in the world?"
"I don't know," said Kintyre. "I just don't know."
"But you can guess, can't you? You know everyone concerned. That writer he was having the fight with. That businessman who owns the thesis manuscript. Gene Michaelis. You could be wrong! Even his girl, God help me for saying it. Who?"
"Why must you know?" he asked.
"Why?" It took her aback. "To know! To understand！"
"Do you want to be reassured the murderer won't strike at you next? I hardly think you need fear that."
"Of course not!" she flared. "I want to know so the world can make some sense again."
"That's too metaphysical to be true," he said.
Briefly, she shivered with tension. Then, leaning back, she picked up her whisky glass and sipped of it and asked coldly:
"Where did you go last night after you left the Michaelis place?"
"Home," he said.
"Guido was badly shaken today. He hadn't slept at all, I could see that in the morning. He stayed around the apartment like a hurt animal. I know him, he's terrified." Corinna spat as if at an enemy: "What did you do to him?"
"Nothing!" said Kintyre.
Her lip caught her teeth.
"I didn't think of it till just now," she breathed. "But it all fits. You do know something. In God's name, tell me!"
He said, with an overpowering compassion: "I see. You're afraid Guido is involved."
"Yes," she said dully.
"Why should he be?"
"Oh！I don't know！jealousy? Who can tell? Guido always seemed like the wild, reckless one and Bruce a mama's boy. Yet it was Bruce who left home and Guido never has."
"Let's have no half-digested psychological theory," he said, purposely astringent. "Stick to facts. What leads you to suspect your brother is involved?"
"I might as well tell you," she sighed. "Last week he was dropping all kinds of dark hints about a big job which would take him out of town over the weekend. He's like that, has to sound important, mostly there's no harm in it. But he came back Monday evening with a good deal of money. I knew he was broke before. He had even been forced to sell his car. He came in loaded with expensive presents for all of us, and had a fat roll in his wallet. Of course, when we told him about Bruce, that more or less made us forget it. But then today, how frightened he was！
"What happened last night?"
Kintyre took out a cigarette. "Excuse me while I think," he said. He made a ceremony of lighting it.
"Guido is in trouble," he admitted. "I don't know how closely related to the murder it is."
"Don't misunderstand me." Her face could have been modeled in chalk. "I never thought Guido would！would dream of！no! But he could have been drawn into something. And what would the police think?"
"Uh-huh. The same notion occurred to me."
"What happened, then?"
He told her.
"Oh, no." Her eyes closed.
"You see my dilemma," he said wearily. "I'll protect Guido if my conscience will let me, even though it's already led me into lawbreaking. But I don't know, I can't tell！"
She opened her eyes again. They blazed.
"Thank You," she said, not to Kintyre.
His scalp crawled. "What are you thinking of?"
"I know Guido," she answered. "I can get the truth out of him."
"You can try."
She stood up. "I'll take a cab," she said.
"What?" He rose himself. "You're not going there now?"
"When else? I'm sorry, it's a shabby way to treat you, but do you think something like this can wait?"
"A murderer is hanging around that place," he said. "You can see Guido tomorrow at your parents', but tonight I won't have it."
She grinned. There was even a little humor in the expression. "What do you plan to do?"
"Call the police!" he rapped.
She said like a sword: "By the time you've explained all the ins and outs to them, I'll have taken him elsewhere. And you needn't bother speaking to either of us again."
He took her by the wrist. "Let me go," she said, almost casually.
"Wait a second." Again he knew the night feeling, that he must go, and that that would happen which another force than he had willed. But somehow, crazily, this time he was glad of it.
"Just wait for me," he finished.
Chapter 14
 The doorkeeper-bouncer was the first obstacle. Kintyre wished he had worn a hat. Nothing disguised him except a gray suit; the square of bandage at his hairline felt like a searchlight.
"Follow my lead," whispered Corinna as they went down the stairs.
It was dark in the doorway, and narrow. She contrived to get herself squeezed between Kintyre and the other man; and as she slithered by she threw him such a look that he would have let a rhinoceros enter unnoticed beside her.
The Alley Cat was full tonight. Mostly the cool crowd, Kintyre judged, drawn by the rumors of last night's affair. He could not help himself, but whispered to Corinna: "Where in the hell did you learn to put five thousand volts of raw sex into three motions and one sidelong glance?"
"Theater." Even at this moment, when she saw through a harsh blue haze her brother who might be a murderer singing a dirty ballad, she could have been a female Puck. "Also, it helps to live with a cat."
They threaded their way along the wall until they found a table in shadow. "We can see him at the intermission," he proposed. She nodded. The waitress who lit their candle！Kintyre snuffed it again when she had left！and brought them a demi of burgundy, paid them no special attention. Well, it was long established that an excited eyewitness has no value. Those who saw the fight had not really seen the fighters.
Corinna fell silent, resting her cheek on one fist. She didn't drink at all. Kintyre tried to read the way she was looking at Guido, but understood only a troubled tenderness.
"Mind if I join you?"
Kintyre looked up, startled, into Trygve Yamamura's flat face. "Oh," he said stupidly. "Sit down. Miss Lombardi, this is！" He explained in detail.
"I'm glad to know you," she said. Her eyes added: Maybe. It will depend on what comes next. Guido's guitar twanged and capered. His voice overrode the room, as full of satyr laughter as if it had never known anything else. "With his whack-fol-de-diddle-di-day！"
"Were we that conspicuous coming in?" whispered Kintyre.
"Lay off the stage hiss," Yamamura told him. "A low speaking voice draws less attention. No, you pulled it off okay. It was only that I was making it my business to see everyone who comes in. Still am." His eyes remained in motion as he sat holding his beer; the rest of him was nearly limp, taking its ease until a muscle should be needed.
"Been here long?" asked Kintyre.
"Couple hours, since the act went on," said Yamamura. "I tailed Guido from his place. Before then, though, I assumed he wouldn't leave his four safe walls, so I found plenty to do elsewhere."
Corinna exclaimed: "You learned something?"
"Uh-huh. I came right over this morning after Bob saw me. No grass grows where I have been, I mean no grass grows under my feet." Yamamura took a pipe from his maroon sports jacket. "The best way to get a line on your friend Larkin seemed to be to check Guido's recent movements. I started at the other end！his call on Clayton, a week ago last Monday. You know, when he and Bruce went around to see about a job. Clayton himself isn't in the City today, but I went to that swank apartment hotel he inhabits and jollied the staff."
Having filled his pipe, he took his time lighting it. "I gather Clayton gave Guido and Bruce a rather long interview," he went on. "Or, rather, Bruce. Guido left about an hour before his brother did."
"He never mentioned that!" said Corinna.
"Why should he?" countered Yamamura. "Not good for his pride, is it? But what did Bruce and Clayton find to talk about?"
"And how much of it did Guido hear?" murmured Kintyre.
Corinna flushed. "Please don't," she said in a hard voice.
"I'm sorry," he answered, torn. "But if Bruce had to tell Clayton something important, even worth killing about！they'd shoo Guido out first. But Guido might have gotten enough hints to make some deductions and！No, wait, let me finish! Maybe Guido blabbed to someone else, not realizing himself what it signified."
She gave him a shaky little smile. "Thanks for trying," she said.
"Ah, this is probably of no significance at all," said Yamamura. "Bruce could just as well have been giving Clayton the latest information about the mildew on page 77 of that book." He attempted a smoke ring and failed. "Or could he? Depends on how you interpret this tidbit: Clayton telephoned Genoa, Italy, that same night."
"Who did he call?" asked Kintyre.
"The switchboard girl doesn't remember. All she heard was a lot of Italian: they started gabbling right away, before she could take herself out of the circuit. Clayton stayed home for several hours next day. The Italian called again. Now none of this would be worth retailing, I guess, except for one more oddity about Mr. Clayton. He had the bellhop bring him several dollars in change. Then he went out and was gone for some hours."
Corinna raised her thick dark brows in puzzlement. Kintyre nodded. "Yes. Long-distance, though not transatlantic, calls from a public booth," he said. "No chance of being eavesdropped on."
"It may not mean a damn relevant thing," said Yamamura. "The most legitimate businesses have their secrets. But I'll admit to being curious. Did Bruce steer him onto something big? And did a business rival then strike at Bruce? That doesn't sound likely. Maybe Clayton himself！no, hardly that. In my line of work I'd have heard it if he weren't straight, or if he associated with thugs."
Kintyre jammed his fists into knots. An intake of air hissed between his teeth.
"What is it?" Corinna's alarm seemed to come from far away.
"Nothing. Or possibly something. Never mind. Go on, Trig."
Only part of him heard the detective continue. The rest said through thunder: One more suspect. I had been sure Clayton, of all people, must be innocent. For the Federal government would have assured itself he knows no assassins！Trig, perhaps more reliably, tells me the same！and he could not have found any on short notice, and it is impossible he could have done the crime personally.
But Guido might have such connections!
Did Clayton see Guido again?
"Then I went around and chivvied the cops," said Yamamura. "They were just hauling in the Michaelis family, and hadn't much time for any other ideas. However, they are going to check house rentals over the weekend. You see, what was done！I'm sorry, Miss Lombardi！the deed would require an isolated spot. An entire house, at least. For the noise."
"Has anything come of that?" asked Corinna with a great steadiness.
"Not yet. These things take time. Well, then I had some supper and came here. Wasn't open yet, but they were making ready. Someone will have to meet my expense account, twenty-five good dollars to grease my way in and learn something."
"I can," said Corinna.
"Not you, Miss Lombardi. Most especially not you." Yamamura fumbled with his pipe; he was all at once an unhappy man. "Must I say it?"
Her eyes closed again, a flicker of aloneness. Then: "Please. It's better now, isn't it, than later from someone else?"
"A couple of strangers were in here last Thursday night. They introduced themselves to Guido, stood him drinks, talked at length. All this was noticed by the bartender, without any special interest, simply because it was a slack midweek night. He didn't hear what was said. After closing time, Guido went out with them.
"The description of one of those birds answers moderately well to Bob's description of Larkin."
Corinna shook herself, as if something rode her neck. "Is that all?" she asked.
"Yes."
"It could be worse," she said. "We already know he knows Larkin."
"What did the other man look like?" asked Kintyre.
"Smallish fellow, sandy-haired, long nose. And I'm surprised the barkeep could tell me that much. Look how you've come right back in here tonight, a stranger, after tearing the joint up."
Guido finished. Applause crackled, abnormally loud for a place like this: did they clap the knife which had been drawn? wondered Kintyre.
Corinna got up and made her way toward the platform. Guido gaped at her. "I like that girl," said Yamamura. "Do we have to go on with this business?"
"If we don't, she will alone," Kintyre told him.
Corinna and Guido held a muted argument. The fear was bulging his eyes. Finally he collapsed, somehow, and went out through the rear door. Corinna followed.
"Here we go," said Yamamura. "No, you ape, don't blow your nose! Oldest trick in the book, and you can bet there's at least one plainclothesman here tonight."
He sauntered affably between the tables. Kintyre came behind, his shoulders aching with tension. The bartender, the man who could actually notice things, regarded him speculatively as he passed by. A small surf of conversation lapped at his feet, he had to choke down the idiotic belief that it was all about him.
Then they were in the back room. Kintyre recognized the alley door he had used previously. Almost hidden by stacked beer cases, a stair led upward. At its top they found a dusty room with an iron cot, a couple of chairs, and an old vanity table. A naked electric bulb glared from the ceiling. Dressing room, Kintyre supposed.
Guido sat on the bedstead. He held a cigarette to his lips and drew on it as if it kept him alive. Corinna stood before him. The overhead light made her hair into a helmet and her face into a mask. Shadows lay huge in the corners.
Guido didn't look up. "I'll see you later," he mumbled. "I swear it. But not here. For Chrissake, we can all be killed here."
"Then why did you come tonight?" asked Yamamura.
"God! I was afraid not to."
"Did you see anyone dangerous in the audience?"
"I can't tell." His forehead glistened under the tangled hair. "There's a baby spot on me when I sing. I can't see past the first couple tables."
Corinna said: "Mr. Yamamura is a private detective. I understand he's even better at judo than Dr. Kintyre, which you should know is saying quite a lot."
"And when they go home?" He lifted a skull face. "What happens to me then?"
Yamamura replied: "Your only real safety will come when those people you are afraid of have been settled with. Do you want to go the rest of your life being afraid?"
"You can't settle with them," whispered Guido. "I mean, it's not just Larkin with his switchblades. O'Hearn carries a gun, and he's a three-time loser already, do you understand what that means? I've seen his gun!"
"Is there anyone else?" asked Kintyre.
"I don't know. You expect me to tell you if I do? I'll get myself killed!"
Corinna waved Kintyre and Yamamura back. She sat down beside Guido and took his free hand. "Bruce got himself killed too," she said in her gentlest tone.
"Oh, yes, yes, yes! Leave me alone!"
"He was tied down somewhere and tortured," she said, not raising her voice. "They burned him. The marks were all over his body, even after they finished hacking it up. I know that much, no more. Nobody would tell me more, and I didn't want to ask. But he must have been glad when they finally cut his throat."
Guido tried to rise. She pulled him back, without using much strength. "Jesus!" he screamed.
"Why did you help them?" she asked.
"I didn't! It's got nothing to do with！I didn't!"
She stood up again and looked down upon him. "Why did you do it?" she said as calmly. "How had he hurt you, that you had to let him be burned and twisted and killed?"
"No! Not me! I don't know!" His mouth was stretched into a gash; a tongue like dry wood bobbed within it.
She slapped him. It could not have been hard, but he fell back onto the bed and clawed at the mattress.
"Good-by," she said, and walked from him.
Kintyre looked at her and knew why the Furies had been women. His heart was a cold lump.
Corinna waited in a corner, her hands writhing together. Guido tried, horribly, to weep, and could not.
Then at last he rolled over on his back, blinked at the light, and said in a high childish voice: "I'll tell you what happened. I'll tell you so you can see it wasn't me, wasn't anything to do with Bruce, it just happened to happen the same weekend, and then maybe if you get out and leave me alone they won't kill me.
"All I did was this. These cats from Chicago came around last week and said they were after some of the pod and could I get it, it was worth five hundred bucks to them plus expenses. Not horse, now, I don't have anything to do with horse. Just marijuana, it never hurt anybody, you don't get hooked, you don't go nuts, hell, I mean you even have to will yourself to keep the jag up and it's only in your head, man, you don't do nothing to nobody else, dig?"
"Guido," said Corinna warningly.
He snapped after air. Presently he continued: "So I told them I didn't handle it myself but I knew some who did. But they didn't dig that, said they didn't want nothing to do with any local pushers, they didn't even want it from any near town. Well, it seemed way out to me, but five hundred plus expenses for finding a small packet wasn't to be turned down, so I asked around and got the name of a dealer in Tijuana, and when I saw them the next day they said that would do. So I rented a car and drove down Saturday. I was supposed to meet Larkin here again Monday night and give him the packet and get the rest of my money！they paid two-fifty in advance. I came back to town late Monday. When I hit my pad I heard about Bruce and the old lady was crying all over me, so I called the place here and talked with Larkin, could he meet me Tuesday night instead. So he said all right, only the professor was here when he arrived. I haven't seen Larkin or O'Hearn since, and what're they thinking I said?"
Kintyre didn't look at Corinna, he didn't believe it would be decent for a minute or two. He asked Guido: "What other jobs did you do for these men? Rent a house for them?"
"No！nothing. I turned the car back to the rental agency on Monday, that's all. They'd advanced some of my expenses. They still owe me！"
"You're not likely to collect," said Yamamura. He nodded to Kintyre. "I see what you're driving at. They missed a bet, not having him rent the scene of the crime too. And of course it was a mistake to dump the body across the Bay: that expedited the investigation, rather than slowing it up as intended. But then, they were strangers to this locality. And there's not much long-range difference, is there?"
"What do you mean?" asked Guido lifelessly.
"I mean you've been played for an all-time sucker," said Kintyre. "It's pure luck！the Michaelises just happened to become Patsy Number One！that you haven't been arrested on suspicion of murder. So far."
He heard Corinna gasp. Guido seemed too drained to understand.
"Another thing," said Kintyre. "What's between you and Gerald Clayton?"
"Clayton?" The empty eyes blinked from the bed. "Clayton. Oh, him. Nothing."
"Are you certain?"
"We talked for a while, up at his pad. Bruce took me there. So finally he gave me the polite brush-off and I came on over here to do my show. Bruce stayed."
"That's all? You're sure?"
"For a long time, anyway. I met him once before！months and months ago！just social like！" Guido's tones dribbled to silence.
Kintyre rubbed his chin. "That seems to let Clayton off," he said. "If, to be sure, our friend here is telling the truth."
"He is," said Corinna. Turning, Kintyre saw her inhumanly composed. "I know him. He can't be lying now."
"I wish I could be that certain," said Kintyre. "The whole thing makes so little sense that！Though Judas, I feel I could almost grasp the answer, but no."
Yamamura asked Guido: "Where is this dope you brought?"
"It's not dope," said the figure on the cot: a tired, automatic protest. "It's only pod."
"Never mind that. If you don't like the law, write your Congressman. Where's the dope?"
"They'll kill me if！"
"What use is your life to you right now?" asked Yamamura scornfully.
It had not seemed possible Guido could shrink further into himself. "That dressing table over there," he whimpered.
Yamamura opened the drawer, flipped out a small parcel, and tore a corner. "Uh-huh," he said.
"Well?" said Kintyre.
"Well, by rights we should turn this and the kid in. It could mean a stretch in a Federal prison, since he crossed a border. It could even mean a loss of citizenship, he being naturalized. Dope is a hysterical issue."
Corinna did not speak.
Yamamura continued, in an almost idle tone: "However, it's true enough that this isn't a really vicious drug. I could heave it into the nearest garbage can and there'd be an end of the matter. If you think he's had a little sense beaten into him."
Kintyre said: "That's my guess, Trig." Yamamura slipped the package into a coat pocket. Corinna shuddered, her fingers closed about Kintyre's.
Yamamura knocked the dottle from his pipe, which had gone cold between his teeth, and said, "Let's assume for now that he is telling the truth. Then what have we got?"
"A couple of murderers still hanging around," said Kintyre. "Why? Surely not to collect their hashish. That was just a gimmick to make Guido, their decoy, leave town, and make it damn near impossible for him to explain why. Whether or not a murder charge could have been made to stick, it would certainly confuse the issue long enough for this job to be finished, for the killers to go safely home again, and for the one who hired them to cover his tracks completely."
"You imply their job is not yet finished," said Yamamura.
"I sure do. There's no other sane reason for them to stay around, risking detection and arrest. Only！who's next?"
"Guido?" It was Corinna who asked it, firmly.
"I doubt that, at least as far as the original plan went. Who wants a dead red herring? Of course, now they may indeed go for him, afraid of what he has spilled. I think we'd better take him across the bay."
Yamamura nodded. "Let's get moving," he said. "Up there, lad." He stepped to the cot, took Guido under the arms and hauled him erect. "We can go out the back door."
Guido shambled, leaning heavily on the detective. Kintyre and Corinna followed. "He must be telling the truth," she said. "I know him! And that package！"
"Does tend to bear out his yarn," said Kintyre. "I want to believe in his essential innocence myself. The trouble is, if his story is true, then who hired the killers?"
"That Mr. Clayton?"
"Not if Guido has given us a full and fair account. I've explained to you that the Michaelises are out. Who's left?"
"I've heard of a writer. Owens, is that his name?"
"I don't know. I plain don't. And yet I'm nagged by a feeling that I already have the answer！and I can't name it! Things have been happening too fast." Kintyre scowled. "And until we can identify the one who hired the killers！the real murderer; the others are only a deodand！he's free to murder someone else."
They had come down the stairs now, slowly, and stepped into the alley behind the building. Windowless brick walls closed three sides: it was a cul-de-sac thick with shadows, opening on a wanly lit trafficless street of hooded shops.
The man by the alley entrance stepped a little closer. There was just light enough to show that he was not tall, that he had sloping shoulders, and that he carried an automatic pistol. He stopped three yards from the door, too far off for a leap.
"Hold it," he said.
Chapter 15
 Yamamura and Guido had come out first. Guido's legs seemed to go fluid; only the arm around his waist held him up.
"Jimmy," he bleated.
Kintyre's hand swung backward in an arc, shoving Corinna behind him. He said aloud！very loudly, "What the devil do you want?"
"Quiet, there," said the man called Jimmy. "This thing has a silencer on it." He waved the gun. "I want to see Lombardi."
"It isn't nothing, Jimmy," chattered Guido. "Before God, Jimmy, they're just friends of mine!"
"Yeh. You can tell us all about it. The rest of you stand back against the door. Come on, Guido. I got a car waiting."
Yamamura eased his burden to the ground. Guido huddled on hands and knees, retching. "He'll never make it," said the detective. "He's scared spitless."
"I just want to talk with him," said Jimmy. "I was supposed to see him here tonight, only they said he'd gone upstairs. I figured if it was just for a nap or something, he'd be down again to finish his act and I'd catch him later. Only if he wanted to skip out this way instead, it would be soon and he might not come back. I didn't want to miss him, so I figured I'd wait here a while."
It was not meant as an explanation. It was an indictment, nailed word by word on the man who tried to stand up.
"Well," said Yamamura, "let me help him."
Jimmy laughed under his hat. "I'm not that simple-minded. Stay put." With shrillness: "Come on, Guido. Or do you want to get drilled right here and now?"
Guido began to drag himself forward, as if a bullet had already smashed his spine. The sound of it, and of his breath going in and out an open mouth, and the nearby clamor of automobiles filled with meek taxpayers, was all that Kintyre could hear.
He wondered if he could let Guido be taken from him, by the same instrument which had taken Bruce, and call himself male. Two or three jumps should reach Jimmy. But Jimmy was no amateur, he wouldn't miss if he shot. But there were many cases on record of men being hit once, twice, being filled with lead, and still coming on. But Guido wasn't worth anybody's time. But Guido was brother to Bruce and Corinna, therefore worth a great deal of time. But a possible forty years?
But a deeper shadow filled the open end of the brick gut. It ran forward in total silence, light touched its glassy uplifted club and its flowing hair.
As the bottle came down on Jimmy's head, Kintyre started to move. Yamamura beat him to it, arriving a second after Jimmy lurched forward from the impact on his skull. The sound had been a shattering; Kintyre heard the tinkles that followed the blow. Yamamura knocked the gun from Jimmy's hand with an edge-on palm, seized his lapel, and applied a scissor strangle.
Jimmy fell, as if the bones had been sucked from him. Corinna swayed over his form, still holding the broken beer bottle. Almost, she fell too. Kintyre caught her.
She held him closely, shuddering. It was not necessary, he thought beneath his own pulse. She fought herself, and grew worn down thereby. Her physical output had been negligible. Clearly she had slipped back through the door, unobserved (that was the chance she took, but chance had a way of favoring those who acted boldly). Picking up an empty bottle on the way, tucking it inconspicuously under an arm, she had gone out past the bar, out the main door (doubtless noticed, maybe wondered about, but not stopped and soon forgotten) and around the building. Then she took off her shoes and ran up behind Jimmy and hit him.
That was all. There was no reason to grow exhausted. But God damn all smug judokas, hadn't she earned the right?
"You clopped him a good one," said Yamamura, squatting to look. "It's as well he had a hat on. A cut scalp could get very messy. Congratulations."
"Did you say there was a cop in the bar?" asked Kintyre.
"Beyond doubt," said Yamamura. "Or we can phone, of course. Only I'm carrying a parcel of smoke, and the neighborhood will be searched quite thoroughly if our friend here mentions it." He sat on his heels, chin in hand, for what seemed like a long time. Jimmy moaned, but did not stir.
"Bob," asked Yamamura finally, "do you know anyone living on this side who's mixed up in the affair?"
"Just Guido, if we rule out the Michaelises."
"So the big chief！and his next victim！are probably in the Eastbay. If another murder is to be forestalled, I wonder if we ought to spend time here chatting with a lot of well intentioned policemen who will first have to be convinced the Michaelises are innocent and this wasn't a simple stick-up. Especially when the papers will tell the big chief exactly what's happened. Or, even if they can be made to keep quiet, Jimmy will fail to report in; the gang will try to check for him in the San Francisco pokey, first of all; so we could do some trail-covering of our own."
"You mean to take this character to Berkeley, then? Isn't that pretty irregular? You don't want to jeopardize your license."
"It's as irregular as a German verb, and the police are going to be annoyed. But I do think we can flange up enough excuses to get by with it. Of course, the Berkeley force will call up the San Francisco force immediately, but that'll go on a higher level, chief to chief I imagine; we can explain the need for secrecy, as much secrecy as the law allows, and！Hell, Bob, let's stop mincing words. What we need is time to construct a story that'll cover Guido. And you."
Kintyre felt how the stone-rigid body he held began to come alive again. "Blessings," he murmured.
"We'll go to your place first, and then decide what's next."
"Can you finagle Jimmy across the bridge?"
"Him and Guido both," grinned Yamamura. "Which will leave you a clear field when you take the lady home."
"I'm coming," said Corinna. She pulled herself away from Kintyre, gently.
"You are not," he answered. Seeing in the dirty gray half-light how her face grew mutinous, he went on: "There are enough complications already. What could you do over there, except be one more element we have to explain away！or one more target for the gang? At present, only Jimmy knows you have any concern with this business, and he'll get no chance to talk of it."
She thought on his words for a little. Then: "Yes. You're right. But don't drive me all the way. A taxi will！"
"Shut up!" he laughed, shakily, and took her arm.
They had to wait, guarding a half-conscious prisoner, while Yamamura went after his car. Guido sat on the pavement, knees drawn up under his chin. After a while he took out a cigarette and lit it.
Corinna leaned over him. "Go with them," she said. "They're the only real friends you've got."
"Besides you, sis," he muttered. Then, barking a sort of laugh: "Next week, East Lynne."
She sighed, like an old woman, and stood back again.
Yamamura returned and bound Jimmy's wrists with Jimmy's tie. He and Kintyre frogmarched their captive to the Volkswagen and put him in back on the floor. Yamamura secured his ankles with his belt. "Toss me your house key, Bob, I'll see you there. Hop in, Guido. Cheerio."
Kintyre and Corinna walked hand in hand back toward his own car. They stopped to pick up her shoes. "I'm afraid you ruined your stockings," he said inanely.
"You don't have to talk," she said. "I don't need it."
He was grateful for that. The silence in which they drove home (she did not lean against him, but she sat close by) was somehow like！memory groped！like Bruce's music which Margery had played for him a few centuries ago. He wondered if she had heard it yet.
"I hope you'll be able to sleep," he said at her door.
"Oh, yes, I think so." She considered him and asked gravely: "Why are you doing this for us?"
"I can't stop now," he said. "I'm in up to the eyebrows."
"But why did you begin? Not for Bruce's sake, surely. He wouldn't have cared about being avenged."
"Which is what the police are for, anyway. I don't like this evading them that we've been forced into."
"Well?" she continued.
"Why do you want to know?" he dodged.
Her head drooped. "I suppose it isn't any of my business. I'm sorry."
It hammered within him to tell her: that he had been escaping a demon, that she had worn its shape for a single moment, and that now he wanted to give peace to her. But there had been too many locks in him, for too many years.
He took her hand. "Later," he said, wondering if he meant it. "This is no time for a long, involved story."
"I'll stay home tomorrow," she said. "Will you call me as soon as！anything happens? The first minute you're able to?"
"Of course."
She smiled then, reached up and ran her palm along his cheek. "Arrivederci," she said. The door closed behind her.
It was so much more than he had awaited, that he never remembered going down the stairs. He was driving over the bridge before the complete bleakness of his purpose returned.
The hour was not yet midnight, but Berkeley was quiet. Kintyre parked behind Yamamura's Volks and walked around the empty house to his cottage. The detective let him in.
"Where are our friends?" asked Kintyre.
"Guido is in your bed, snoring," said Yamamura. "As clear a case of nervous exhaustion as I ever saw. By the way, Jimmy's name is O'Hearn; I went through his billfold. I borrowed some of that rope you've been making grommets with and stashed him in the john."
He had stripped off his jacket, to show a noisy aloha shirt; his pipe strove to be Vesuvius. "Are you very tired?" he asked.
"No. Keyed up, in fact."
"Have a drink. Apropos vices, the evidence against Guido is in the Bay. I assumed we're not going to hand him over to the law."
"Not for one bit of foolishness," said Kintyre. "I doubt if he'll ever touch dope running again. He's gotten a hefty scare."
"Jimmy will tattle, though."
"Our word against his. We're somewhat more respectable."
"You and Machiavelli! But, yeh. A check with the Chicago police！he's from there, all right！would doubtless show he's got a record as long as King Kong's arm. A pro killer doesn't come out of nowhere; he starts with petty stuff and works his way up." Yamamura shook his head. "And on the other hand, a lot of good men are doing time for one slip regretted the moment it was over. Makes me wonder about our whole concept of penology. That's why I'll help you cover for Guido."
Kintyre took down his bottle of Scotch and raised brows at Yamamura. The detective shook his head. Kintyre poured for himself and sat down. The other man prowled.
"We haven't much time," said Yamamura. "What do we tell the cops?"
"Perhaps nothing！yet," said Kintyre slowly.
"Huh? How do you mean?"
"They don't use the third degree around here. O'Hearn isn't going to tell them a thing, and you know it. They'll have to check with Chicago, the FBI, follow a dozen separate leads for days at least. And what do his pals do meanwhile?"
Yamamura stopped in midstride. "If you have any half-cooked scheme of beating the truth out of him, forget it," he said in a chill voice.
"Oh, no," said Kintyre. "But do you think we could get away with holding him, unharmed, for maybe twenty-four hours?"
"It would be kidnaping."
"What was he trying to do to Guido?"
Yamamura stared at the sabers on the wall. "What do you want to do?"
"Get his information out of him in less time than the police will need."
"I think an excuse could be manufactured," said Yamamura dreamily. "If not for a whole twenty-four hours, for twelve or so. This reminds me of my days in OSS. Okay, I'll risk it."
"Good," said Kintyre. "Then follow my lead."
"Better explain！"
Kintyre was already in the bathroom, looking down at the man on the floor. O'Hearn had a long nose and not much chin. "Who hired you, Jimmy?" said Kintyre.
Hatred glared back at him. "Tough, aren't you?" said O'Hearn. "Big deal."
"I asked who hired you," said Kintyre.
He saw the growth of fear. "Look, I don't know," said O'Hearn. "And if I spilled anything, anything at all, they'd find out."
"And kill you. I've heard that line before." Kintyre shrugged. "You are going to tell me. Think about it while I make ready."
He took Yamamura out into the yard, toward the house. "My landlord left some extra keys with me, just in case," he said. "We'll borrow a soundproof room."
"Hey!" Yamamura stopped. "I told you, bodily harm is out."
"I've no such intention." Kintyre led him into the house and down to its basement. "We'll use the rumpus room. It has a pool table we can tie him to. The process seems to work best when the victim lies supine. I admit he might get a little stiff from the hard surface."
Yamamura grabbed his shoulder. "What the blue hell are you talking about?" he growled.
"They're just now beginning to study the mental effects of eliminating sensory stimuli," said Kintyre. "The mind goes out of whack amazingly fast. My friend Levinson, in the physiology department, was telling me about some recent experiments. Volunteers, intelligent self-controlled people who knew what it's all about and knew they could quit any time they wanted！none of which applies to O'Hearn！didn't last long. Hallucinations set in. Of course, we may have to mop up certain messes afterward."
"Do I understand you rightly?"
"I suppose so. The only thing we're going to do to O'Hearn is tie him down, flat on his back, blindfolded."
They would have to stand watch and watch outside the door. Kintyre took the first one, though he didn't expect a reaction soon. (On the other hand, an hour can stretch most hideously when you are alone in soundless dark, not even able to move.) He pulled up a chair and opened a book, but didn't read it. Nor did he listen to the defiant obscenities which came very faintly through the panels. Mostly he sat in a wordless half sleep.
Corinna, he thought. And then, later: I'm being infantile. It doesn't mean a thing, except that I've been celibate too long and by sheer chance she pushes a few buttons in me. It could not last！consider the difference in faith alone！and she would be hurt.
How do I know it wouldn't, even to the altar? (For surely it would last always, having taken us that far.)
I don't know. I suppose I'm being cowardly in not finding out.
Then again, long afterward: This couldn't be hurried in any event. We'd both go slowly, her loss is still so new. There'd be ample time for me to escape, before the pleasure of her presence became a necessity.
And once more: But why should I want to escape at all?
The first thin gray was stealing over the hills when Yamamura yawned his way in. O'Hearn hadn't cried out for some time; he lay breathing hard. "Solved the case yet?" asked Yamamura. "No? Well, run along and let a professional handle it."
Kintyre went across the yard. A bird twittered somewhere, drowsily. He entered the cottage and looked at Guido. Still out. The face was gone innocent with sleep, years had been lost, a della Robbia angel lay in his bed. He sighed, kicked off his shoes, and stretched on the living room couch. Darkness was quickly upon him.
Chapter 16
 Once the phone rang. He rolled over, refusing its summons, and went to sleep again. It was a little after six when a hand shook him awake. He struggled up through many gray layers. From far off he heard: "Jimmy's broken. Busted into pieces all over the place. Hoo, what a devil you are, my friend!"
Kintyre sat up, feeling sticky. Yamamura gave him a lighted cigarette and he took a few puffs. "Okay," he said.
The early sunlight and the rushing sound of early traffic whetted him as he left the cottage, until he went clear-brained to the shivering, screaming thing on the pool table and said: "I'll take the blindfold off when you've talked. Not before."
"Let me go, let me go, let me see!" wept O'Hearn.
"Shut up or I'll leave you for another day or two," said Kintyre.
O'Hearn gasped himself toward a kind of silence.
"Did you help kill Bruce Lombardi?" asked Kintyre.
"No." A cracked whine. "I mean, I was there. But the others, Silenio, Larkin, they done it. I didn't touch him myself. Let me out of here!"
"Shut up, I told you." Kintyre drew deeply on his cigarette. "I suspect you're lying about your own role," he continued, "but never mind that now, if you don't lie on the next question. Who hired you?"
"I don't know!"
"So long," said Kintyre.
"I don't know! I don't! They never told me! Silenio knows! I don't! I just worked for Joe Silenio! Ask him!"
Yamamura, looking a little sick, said: "That's probably true, Bob. Our kingpin called this Silenio in Chicago, and Silenio rounded up a couple of assistants. The less they know, the better. Silenio gets the kingpin's money and pays off the other two himself."
Kintyre groaned. "And we had to catch one of the deadheads! Well, let's see what else can be learned."
It came out in harsh automatic sentences. O'Hearn's will, never strong, had altogether failed him. He answered questions without evasions, but like a robot.
Silenio had contacted him and Larkin the Tuesday of last week. It was to be a well paid job, ten thousand dollars on completion of the first assignment and a hundred dollars a day while they waited for the next. ("No, I didn't know nothing, I don't know who else we'd go after!") The trio caught a plane to San Francisco that night. At intervals on Wednesday and Thursday Silenio had conferred with whoever engaged them, while Larkin and O'Hearn looked for a suitable house. Their find was rented on Friday, an old house in a run-down district at the southern end of town; and each of them bought a good used car elsewhere. Meanwhile, on Thursday night, Larkin and O'Hearn had lined up Guido. That had been at Silenio's orders, presumably derived from the boss's. The boss himself had arranged for Bruce to come to the house on Saturday, calling him on the phone with some plausible story. They captured Bruce very simply, with a gun, and tied him up. Silenio questioned him. Bruce had gotten stubborn with outrage！Kintyre knew how stubborn that could be！and the interrogation took a few hours; even after he broke they continued the pain a while, to make sure. Finally they cut his throat over the bathtub, dressed him in old clothes, and got rid of the body across the Bay on Sunday night.
"The questions, you bastard," snarled Kintyre. "Didn't the questions Silenio was asking tell you something?"
"It was all in wop," groaned O'Hearn. "I don't know wop."
Italy again. Though I suppose that our X would have made a special effort to get an Italian-speaking lieutenant, as another safeguard for himself.
"One thing so far," murmured Yamamura. "Guido is in the clear."
"Is he?" said Kintyre bitterly. "Wouldn't it be a beautiful turnabout, to make himself look like the fall guy for his own scheme?"
He turned back to the crooked blind face on the table. "What did you do afterward?"
"Waited in the house. Played cards. Silenio got the money for this job in the afternoon. Cash. He went out for it. Larkin went to pay off the Lombardi sucker Tuesday evening. That was because he didn't show Monday, account of his brother. Larkin got into a fight. We didn't know what it meant. Silenio called the boss and they talked on the phone in wop. Silenio told me to go pick up Guido Lombardi tonight. I figured we was going to find out how much he knew and then maybe dump him too, but I don't know for sure."
"Did anything else go on, this night?"
"Silenio and Larkin had another job."
"Where?"
"I don't know." The voice had become a worn rattling.
"Were you supposed to meet them at the house?"
"I was supposed to wait there with Lombardi till they got back. Silenio wasn't telling either of us more'n he had to."
"Will they be back there now?"
"I dunno."
"Suppose they came back and didn't find you? What would they do?"
"Try and find out what happened, I guess. Wouldn't stay in the house if it looked like something had gone wrong."
"Where would they go?"
"I don't know. Some hotel, I guess."
"And what would you do, if you couldn't find them?"
"Go back to Chi, I guess."
"No spare rendezvous," said Yamamura. "Lousy doctrine."
"Not if you're using expendables," said Kintyre. "And this bum is expendable. I imagine Larkin is too, though enough more valuable to go with Silenio！where?"
"Over here," said Yamamura.
"Very likely to kill someone else." Kintyre looked dully at the stub of his cigarette on the floor. He didn't remember dropping it. "We'll read in the papers who it was."
"If we aren't the target ourselves," said Yamamura. "Right now anything seems possible." He sighed. "Well, I'd better call the police."
"Wait a bit," said Kintyre.
"But that house！God knows what's going on there, right now!"
"Nothing, I'm sure. If only because Silenio and Larkin will be worried by O'Hearn's absence. Let's have breakfast, at least, before calling. You devise a story that won't make us quite such lawbreakers. I'm going to try and sort out my thoughts. I have an idea. It's driving me crackers, Trig. I feel I know what this is all about and still there's some kind of wall between me and the knowledge. A wall I've built myself!"
"Hm," said Yamamura. He gave the other man a meditative stare. "Yes, it might be worth while waiting till after we eat."
Kintyre went out, beating a fist softly into his palm. Yamamura paused to release O'Hearn's eyes. O'Hearn lay and wept.
While the detective made breakfast in the cottage, Kintyre took a shower. Then a shave, clean clothes, tee shirt, khaki pants, tennis shoes, brought him physically closer to humanness.
Inside, he was afraid, and he did not know why.
Guido appeared in the kitchen as Kintyre re-entered. He looked at the others with deer shyness. "Good morning," he ventured.
"Hello," said Yamamura. "Pull up an egg and sit down."
Guido perched on a chair's edge. No one spoke until coffee and food were within them. Somehow, the blue and green planet beyond the windows had become alien; they sat in a private darkness.
"I！" began Guido. He stopped.
"Go ahead," said Yamamura. Kintyre listened with a fractional ear. Mostly he was inside his own skull, shouting for something which did not answer.
"I'd like to say thanks, is all," offered Guido.
"It's okay," said Yamamura.
"Look, are you sitting and worrying about me?"
"In a way. The trouble is, you see, if we take your story at face value, we have no plausible suspects left. But two more killers and their chief are loose, probably arranging another murder. If it hasn't already been done."
"Whose?" whispered Guido.
"If we knew that," said Yamamura gloomily, "we could get a police guard for him. But until we've identified the chief, there's no way of figuring who the next victim might be."
"No," said Kintyre.
He sat up straight, feeling how cold his hands were. It came to him, through a great hollowness！each instant he seemed more remote from himself！that he could have found his enemy before now. He had enough facts to reason on. He was still feeling his way a step at a time, but he felt there would be an end to his journey.
And he felt, without yet knowing why, that the horror waited for him there.
He said, sensing a resonance within his head, as if his voice formed echoes:
"It has to be someone who knew Bruce at least fairly well. He went to that house because of a telephone call. He didn't own a car and wouldn't borrow Margery's. That's a long awkward trip, by street train and bus. He wouldn't make it casually. He'd want to know why he was being asked to come to this address he'd never heard of before, without telling anyone. The person who called (and could have been right in Berkeley, of course) had to be somebody who could give Bruce a strong, convincing reason. What it was, I don't know. It doesn't matter now, it was surely a lie. But a lie he would accept! From a person he trusted."
He stopped. Guido said with a certain boy-eagerness: "Who knew him best? His girl friend!"
Kintyre shook his head, violently, uncertain why the idea should smite him so.
"Nope," said Yamamura. "Too much lets her out; hell, the simple fact that she doesn't speak Italian. That she hasn't the money, or the connections, or anything."
"I haven't the money either," said Guido defensively.
"For all I know, you could have ten million dollars hoarded," said Yamamura.
The anger in Guido's face reminded Kintyre of Corinna. He snatched for the memory, it warmed him a minute and was torn away again. He shivered.
"Guido's story has to be accepted, I think," he said. There was no color in his words, but they came fast. "All the psychological quirks he's shown. He bopped me with a stool to let Larkin get away, because he was deathly afraid. But he cried at having hurt me, even so trivially. Also: could that parcel of marijuana have been in the drawer by sheer coincidence? And even if he planned some complicated misdirection that made him his own fall guy, it would not have involved something as serious as dope. He could have gone to jail for that, or been deported. And why? What reason? Insane jealousy won't fit such an elaborate procedure. It would have to be money. And where would he, drifting between minor night club engagements, sponging off his parents when he isn't shacked up with some tart, where would he find time for a million-dollar enterprise?"
Guido reddened. "Hey!" he protested.
"You had that coming," said Yamamura. He turned his back on Guido, who slumped, pouting. "It doesn't look as if X really believed an accessory-to-murder rap could be hung on the boy," he remarked. "Not when you demolish it so fast."
"Perhaps not." Kintyre struggled for clarity within himself. "But Guido would have wriggled and evaded much more if the police had questioned him, dug in his heels at every step, for fear of the dope charge. When he finally realized the situation and confessed, if he did at all, it would have been too late. He would have served X's purpose of holding up the police for days.
"And the fact that he fell so neatly into the slot clinches the proof that X knows the Lombardi family well."
"You've ruled out Michaelis & Son," said Yamamura. "That's confirmed by the gangsters still operating with them in clink. Who's left, the writer?"
Kintyre said: "He blew into town less than two weeks ago, having never met Bruce in his life before. Their time together was a few meetings devoted to professional arguments. How could he know Guido? And his only motive would have been to eliminate Bruce. Simple murder would have sufficed, not calling in three expensive sadists to do a job of kidnaping and interrogation. Also, I proved to myself, without meaning to, that he's a physical coward. I doubt if he could have asked someone like Larkin the time of day. Or run the risk of detection. No, there was just one way Owens helped the killers, and that was unintentional."
"How?" asked Yamamura.
Kintyre looked at his hands. They were clasped together, as if to hold the safe nonmurderer, Jabez Owens, tightly to him. But the wind streamed and the sea ramped beneath it, Owens was whirled from his fingers and drowned with all the rest, all the rest. He said from the noise of great waters:
"Owens was after the Book of Witches, yes. First he tried bribery. Then, the minute he heard Bruce was dead, he went over to the history building, I suppose trying to get up nerve to go in and see if the volume was there. He saw me instead, and urged me to take Margery out that night; he did know, like everyone else, that she'd been living with Bruce. He burgled the apartment. An amateur job. If he'd used his brains, he would at least have taken some valuables. But he didn't even bother to open places where the book couldn't possibly be. That alone pretty well shows who did it. He tried again yesterday, in my office, actually pulled it off, but Clayton！well, all it accomplished was to divert our attention."
He wondered remotely how they could fail to see what was happening to him; and how long before it broke his shell and they could not escape seeing.
"Bruce's immediate family?" said Yamamura. "No motive, no money, no connections, no opportunity. Write 'em off. Can you think of any of his friends at the University who aren't eliminated by the same reasoning?"
"No."
"But who's left? Clayton? What motive? And in all the months he's been here, I'd have an inkling if he weren't honest. No hint of underworld tie-ins. Who's left?"
Kintyre stood before the last wall. It had the form of a ship's tilted deck.
"If I knew why," he said, holding his voice utterly planar, "I think the how would follow. Why was Bruce killed? Because of something he knew. It could only be that. He was tortured to get out of him the precise extent of his knowledge, and who else might share it. That other person is the next victim. But what was in Bruce's background? A knowledge of history！the Book of Witches！correspondence with！" His throat seemed to swell, it would not let the words out for a moment！"with an uncle in Italy, who told him something！"
"Something about the Mafia?" snorted Yamamura. "Come, now!"
"Bruce didn't realize the significance of what he knew," said Kintyre. Iron bands lay across his chest. "He couldn't have kept a secret like that. He went to X, I suppose！with！a warning? Or mere gossip, as he thought? What about? Surely not Cousin Giovanni, or the Albigensians. What else was there? Some information on crime in the Mediterranean countries. And！God help us!"
The table went over with a crash as Kintyre stood up. It was not himself who screamed: "Margery! She's next in line!" Himself stood among breakers and heard the mainmast split.
Yamamura looked at him, cursed, and reached for the telephone.
"I'm going over there," rattled Kintyre. "I might get there first. I might, it might not be too late."
"They had all night," said Yamamura. His finger stabbed the dial.
Kintyre blundered into the door. He thought vaguely that he ought to open it. Someone stood at his elbow. He shoved. "Take it slow," said Guido. "Let me help you."
Yamamura said in the phone: "Tim? This is Trig. Never mind formalities. Get a car to the apartment of Margery Towne. She may still be alive.... No, I don't remember the damned address! What's the directory for?"
"You're in no shape to steer a car," said Guido. "Where are your keys? Come on and guide me."
Kintyre sat shaking all the way over. Guido drove with a Cossack will to arrive at which a part of Kintyre, drowning among the reefs of Taputenea, knew dim surprise.
They did not beat the police, though. Officer Moffat met them on the front steps. Blankness lay in his gaze.
"We came too late," he said. "Her throat's cut."
"I expected that," said Kintyre.
The horror rose up and took him.
 
Chapter 17
 Jimmy O'Hearn was still snuffling when the police unbound him and led him off to be booked. Inspector Harries went back into the yard with Yamamura and Guido. "All right, Trig," he said, "now tell me just what did happen."
"Dr. Kintyre, Mr. Lombardi's sister, and I went to see Mr. Lombardi at the night club where he works," answered Yamamura. "He was pretty worried. O'Hearn and another chap named Larkin had hired him to do a certain out-of-town job over the very weekend his brother was killed. He wondered if it was a coincidence."
"O'Hearn babbled something about a package of dope," said Inspector Harries grimly. Guido became busy lighting a cigarette.
"Sure," said Yamamura. "Why not try to drag down the witnesses against him? Where is this package?"
"Suppose you tell me yourself what the job was, Mr. Lombardi," said Harries without warmth.
"Well, they did want me to go to Tijuana and get some pod," said Guido. Yamamura had briefed him in a moment's stolen privacy. "I admit I went down！is uncompleted intent a crime? I changed my mind and didn't actually get the stuff." Impudence danced over his lips. "It'd have been illegal. And also, thinking it over, I saw that the errand didn't make sense. There are enough places right here that carry the same line."
"Hm. Any witnesses?"
Guido shrugged. "No. How could there be? I suppose you can prove I was in Tijuana and ate a few meals there."
"I would think you'd have more important things to do than asking out the details of something which is contradicted only by the unsupported word of a gangster," said Yamamura.
Harries considered him angrily. "You were my friend, Trig," he said. "Don't add insult to injury."
"I had no choice," said Yamamura, very low.
"The night before last," said Guido, "Larkin showed up and got violent with Professor Kintyre, who was talking to me. Quite a brawl. Larkin got away, and Kintyre left too when I begged him. I admit I lied to the officers afterward, claiming I didn't know either one of them, but by then I was scared."
"Go on," grunted Harries.
"So we had a conference of friends-and-relations last night," said Yamamura. "We decided it was best to make a clean breast with the police. Ahem, that was my advice. But O'Hearn stopped us at gun point as we came out the back way. He was going to kidnap Mr. Lombardi. We got the upper hand, though. Yes, we took him over here, instead of turning him in to the San Francisco authorities as we should have. Why? First, Larkin might well be hanging around, and why should he be helped by seeing a lot of uniforms and realizing what had happened to his buddy? Second, we were afraid for our lives on that side and wanted to get the hell away from there."
Harries gave him a thin look. "I know you. I don't believe that."
"A jury would," said Yamamura. "Let me go on. Dr. Kintyre took Miss Lombardi home！she's entirely innocent in all of this. When he finally arrived here, we were so bushed that none of us thought we could face all the questions without a little sleep. Sure, sure, Inspector, everything we did was foolish and mildly illegal, but consider how exhausted we were. Much too tired to think straight. We tied O'Hearn to the table！"
"Why the blindfold, for Pete's sake?"
"It just seemed like a good idea. When we woke up, we found O'Hearn had the screaming meemies. Naturally we wouldn't lose such a chance, it might not come again. We asked him some things. We talked it over. All of a sudden the significance dawned on Dr. Kintyre. You know the rest."
"What I don't yet know is what you'll be charged with," said Harries. "Among other things, some of the coldest-blooded lying I've heard all week."
"Isn't that a problem for the district attorney?" asked Yamamura, unruffled.
"Yes. And of course nothing will be done. You're comic book heroes！for violating the Fifth Amendment!" Harries shook his head. "If it hadn't been for all your shilly-shallying, Miss Towne might be alive this morning."
"When was she killed?" asked Yamamura.
"The doctor thinks around midnight or one o'clock."
"Nobody could have known," said Yamamura. "Suppose we had turned O'Hearn in directly. He had no idea who was slated to die: not even what kind of job his associates were doing. He's just a goon."
"I suppose so." As he watched, Yamamura saw the anger go out of Harries. "We'd still be interrogating him and getting no place. Whereas now, maybe the San Francisco force can take the others in that house." The inspector hesitated. "Officially, I can only condemn your actions, including your concealment of facts. And you know I know fairly well what those facts are. I'll have to report all this and！and hell, there's no material evidence, and the D.A. has to consider public opinion, and why waste funds on petty charges which would never get past a jury? You'll get away with it this time. And strictly unofficially, I've no right to say it, but I guess I'm not too damn mad at you."
Yamamura did not smile. "I wish Bob could see it that way," he answered.
"What's the matter with him, anyhow?"
"A bad nervous spell. He gets them once in a while."
"Just like that?" asked Guido.
"No," said Yamamura. "It looks like a sudden collapse, but it isn't. He worked hard through the academic year. It brought him close to the edge, he needed a vacation badly. Instead, all this strain and！He feels morbidly responsible. There are reasons for it. They lie in his past and don't concern us."
"How about a psychiatrist?" inquired Harries.
"He hasn't got that kind of money. And we all have some such curse！don't we now? Some people have dizzy spells. Some people are hypochondriacs. Once every couple of years, Kintyre spends a few days in hell."
"But what made him realize Miss Towne was！?"
"He answered the riddle, of course. He knew who had hired the killers, and why. From that, it followed she was next."
Harries caught his arm so tightly he winced. "What?"
"Uh-huh," said Yamamura. "Wait, though. He didn't tell me."
"But he's in there now and！come on!"
Yamamura caught Harries by the shoulder and spun him around. "No," he said. "It isn't right. Leave him alone."
"Leave the murderers alone, too!" snapped Harries.
Yamamura rubbed his chin. They could see how he slumped.
"There is that," he agreed. "Let me go in by myself, then, and talk to him."
Kintyre thought he had carried it off very well. He had spoken coherently with Moffat. The policeman told him in a sick voice that blood had soaked through her mattress until the floor was clotted beneath her bed. Guido swayed on his feet. Kintyre's face had remained like carved bone.
"Was jewelry lifted this time?" he asked. "Oh, yes, it was a professional job, all the earmarks," said Moffat. "But did you see two long gray cardboard boxes with files of papers? They'd be in plain sight in the living room if they're there at all," said Kintyre. "No, no such thing, the burglars must have taken them in the hope of finding stowed cash," said Moffat. "The jewelry was only to make you think that. Had she simply been murdered, or was she tied down first?" asked Kintyre. "Yes, tied down, blindfolded, mouth full of towel," said Moffat. "The burglars came in and grabbed her while she slept, secured her so there would be no chance she could identify them," said Kintyre. "That's not unheard of, but then why did they kill her afterward?" asked Moffat. "Because the letter boxes were still open on the coffee table," said Kintyre. "What?" said Moffat. "It proved she had been reading Bruce Lombardi's mail; the burglars' orders were to get rid of her if that was the case," said Kintyre. "Hey, how do you know all this?" asked Moffat. But then Kintyre felt his control begin to crack, so he turned about and went back to his car with Guido.
He lay on his couch, pillowing his head with an arm, a cigarette in the free hand. Now and then he noticed himself smoking it. The morning streamed in through the window behind him and splashed light, and the delicate shadows of leaves, on the wall before his eyes. Once he remembered how a sunbeam, spearing through a sky roiled and black with oncoming rain, had flamed from crest to crest along the ocean; he watched the sun's shining feet stride past him. But there followed an M which staggered among hideous winds, it spoke of Morna and Margery and the Moon. He spent a long time wondering why M stood for the Moon until he remembered Hecate, in whose jaws he lived. M was also for Machiavelli, a Moldering skull which knew somewhat of Murder. But all this was not important, it was Morbid and he only played with it on the surface, as if it were spindrift driven by that wind he knew. In the ocean of his damnation there were green Miles, which became black as you went downward, drank all sunlight and ate drowned folk.
This, however, was natural and right, life unto life and he could wish no better ending for himself than to breathe the sea. It must be remembered, though, that Morna was only thirteen years old. She reached for him through a shattering burst of water. He could not hear if she screamed, the wind made such a haro, but a wave picked her up and threw her backward and growled. He saw her long hair flutter in its white, blowing mane. Then dark violence rolled over him.
He stirred, and felt that his cigarette had gone so short it would burn his fingers. A part of him suggested he let it, but he ground the butt out in an ashtray on the floor. What he was would not be lessened by a few blisters, he thought.
It was not that he accepted guilt (he told the morning gulls on the reef, among sharded timbers). It was that he was damned, without a God or a Devil to judge him: it was merely in the nature of things that he did nothing well. Morna should drown and Margery should drown！the human body held that much blood！because！no, said the seed of survival within him, not because it was his fault.
And was there anything more irrelevant than the question of his guilt or innocence? The sole fact that mattered was:
Morna, thirteen years old, hauled down under the sea and rolled across a barnacled reef. He had found her washed up the next morning, before the boat came out to rescue him. A strand of hair still clung in place, darkened by water but more bright than the coral. He saw some of the bones; a tiny crab ran out of her eye socket.
Kintyre hung onto the couch through a whiteness that hummed.
Ages afterward he remembered Margery. She had never spoken of it, but he had an impression that she feared death. It ended future and past alike, nothing would be, nothing had ever been. She must have told herself often enough that maybe science would find a way to make her immortal, before she died. But death was a long way off, fifty years or more were a distance which dwindled the shape, only a small black blot on the edge of her world.
She lay blind and bound, a towel choking her mouth. She could hear her heart, how it leaped, she feared it would crack itself open. And then the hand under her jaw, the nearly painless bite of the knife, and the minutes it took for her blood to run out, while she lay there and felt it!
"No," said Kintyre. "No, no, no. Please."
He reached hazily for another cigarette. He couldn't find the pack. Suddenly he was afraid to look for it. He lay back on the couch. The sunlight on the wall seemed unreal.
He didn't hear Yamamura come in. He needed a while to understand that the detective was looking at him.
"What is it?" he got out somehow.
"Let's work some of that stiffness out," said Yamamura.
Kintyre didn't move. He wasn't sure he could. At least it didn't seem worth while. Yamamura swore, hauled him to a sitting position, peeled off his tee shirt and dumped him on the rug.
The Japanese massage, thumbs, elbows, and bare feet, was hard, cracking muscles loose from their tension. Kintyre heard joints pop when Yamamura straightened his arms. Once anguish got an oath from him.
"Sorry," said Yamamura. "I gauged wrong."
"Like hell! You did that on purpose!"
"Trade secrets. Now, over on your side."
In half an hour Kintyre was sitting on the couch, drawing ragged gulps of smoke down his lungs. "All right," he said. "So you relaxed me physically."
"Helps, doesn't it?" Yamamura leaned against the wall and mopped his sweating face.
"Some. But no cure." Kintyre looked bleakly toward the afternoon and the night.
"Didn't claim it was. Got any tranquilizers on hand?"
"Uh-huh. Only helps a little bit. I might as well ride these things out."
"Same symptoms?"
"Yes. Futility. Loss. Destruction. Grief? No, that's too healthy a word. I'm only talking to you with the top of my brain now, you realize. It feels the same as ever, down below."
"Basically, you feel guilt," said Yamamura.
"Perhaps. I saw my sister drown. I was hanging onto a spar when the ship broke up. She was swept past me. I reached out, our fingers touched, then she was gone again. I didn't let go of the spar."
"If you had, both of you would have drowned. I know the Pacific surf. With a typhoon behind it！You're guilty of nothing except better luck than she had."
"Sure," said Kintyre. "I've told myself the same thing for twenty years."
"You've told me this story three times so far," said Yamamura. "I don't like parlor Freudianism, but it would seem obvious that something deeper is involved than the mere fact that you survived and she didn't."
Kintyre half rose. He felt the lift of rage within himself. "Be careful!" he shouted.
Yamamura's face went totally blank. "Ah-ha. Sit back, son. I'm still the black belt man here. You'd only succeed in tearing up this nice room."
Kintyre spat: "There was nothing!"
"I never said that. Of course there was nothing improper. I am not implying you had any conscious thoughts whatsoever that you can't safely remember. Or if you did now and then！and as for your subconscious wishes！were they really so evil? She was the only girl of your generation whom you'd see for weeks and months at a time. So you loved her. Is love ever a sin?"
Kintyre slumped. Yamamura laid a hand on his shoulder. "There's a story about two Zen Buddhist monks who were walking somewhere," he said. "They came to a river. A woman stood by the bank, afraid to cross. One of them carried her over. Then the two monks continued on their way. The gallant one was singing cheerfully, the other got gloomier and gloomier. Finally the second one exclaimed: 'How could you, a monk, take up a woman in your arms?' The first one answered: 'Oh, are you still carrying her? I set her down back at the ford.'"
Kintyre didn't move. "Forgive my amateur psychoanalysis," said Yamamura. "It's none of my business." He paused. "I would only suggest that it's no service to anyone we've cared for, not to let them rest."
He sat down beside Kintyre and took out his pipe. They smoked together for a wordless while.
"Well," said Kintyre at last. "Have you figured out who's behind the murders?"
"No. Think you can tell us? Feel free to wait."
"Oh, I can. M-m-m-m-margery！"
Yamamura worked powerful fingers along Kintyre's shoulders and the base of his neck. "Go on," he said.
"Margery's death！brought back Morna's, I suppose！I failed them both. I didn't need O'Hearn's story to determine who instigated all this. I could have told you yesterday afternoon, if I'd used my head！Ouch!"
"That," said Yamamura, "was to halt an incipient tailspin. I felt it coming. You are not to blame for one damn item except being human and therefore limited, fallible, and unable to do everything simultaneously on roller skates. If you forget that again, I shall punch you in a more sensitive spot. Now why don't you go swallow one of those chemical consolations?"
"I told you they don't help much."
"I've no high opinion of 'em myself, but do so anyway."
When Kintyre had returned and sat down again, Yamamura said: "Okay, carry on. Who is our man?"
Chapter 18
 "Clayton," said Kintyre.
"Huh?" The pipe almost dropped from Yamamura's hand. "What the hell! Why, for God's sake?"
"Bruce got too much information about Clayton's rackets."
"What rackets? Clayton's straight! I never heard a hint！"
"Oh, yes. He's straight enough on this side of the Atlantic."
Yamamura muttered something profane. "How do you know?" he added.
"It fits the facts. Bruce was corresponding with his uncle Luigi, the secret service man. Some discussion of highly organized postwar crime syndicates in the Mediterranean countries came up. Now Clayton was a go-getter type who'd lost everything he had three times in a row: the Depression, his first wife's death, divorce from his second wife. It must have embittered him, so that he determined he would never again be poor and defenseless. He came to Italy as a Quartermaster officer in the war. Perfect chance for black marketing, if a man didn't mind taking a few risks. The miracle is not that a few QM people went bad but that most stayed honest. Clayton probably started in a very small way with cigarettes and K rations. But by the end of the war he was in touch with some pretty big figures in the Italian underworld, and saw the opportunities. He came right back after his discharge and went to work at it full time.
"Obviously, he's a hell of a good organizer. He got in on the postwar reconstruction of crime, along lines borrowed from gangland and Communism. He probably set out as a currency black marketeer, working through Switzerland. He soon expanded into other things, smuggling, dope, prostitution, gambling, the works. He became rich."
"Have you any proof of all this?" interrupted Yamamura.
"Chiefly, that it and only it will fit the facts. Let me go on, I'll fill in evidence as I proceed. The trouble with Clayton's riches was, they were mostly in lire, French francs, and other soft valuta. Also, governments all get nosy about resident aliens; he couldn't hope to avoid suspicion forever, without a good cover. He solved both his problems by becoming an importer. He bought European goods with his European money, shipped them over here, and sold them for dollars. On this side he's lily white, and familiar with prominent Americans of unquestionable integrity. Knowing this, Europeans don't think he might be something else on their continent. You can imagine the details."
"Yes," said Yamamura. "I can."
"Now for some facts as well as theories. Let's go back to Uncle Luigi. He's trying to break these syndicates, one of which is headed by the eminent Signor Clayton. Of course, because of its cell organization, Luigi and his colleagues don't know that. If they did, they could crack a lot of rackets open. All they have against Clayton is that a few of his business associates have bad associates of their own, notably some of the deported Italian-American gangsters. But what of it? Everybody outside a monastery must know some dubious characters.
"Well, because Clayton came here to work at opening a San Francisco branch, and because he brought the Liber Veneficarum along, he got to know Bruce. In fact, they came to be on very friendly terms. Clayton is genial enough, if you don't get in his way. Uncle Luigi, being somewhat anti-American, insisted that Signor Clayton had an unfair advantage, having started as a wealthy man with lots of dollars. That didn't fit with Clayton's own rags-to-riches story. Bruce got indignant, checked up, and established that Clayton had indeed been almost penniless when he came to Italy. And Luigi, as I mentioned before, had also happened to give Bruce some facts regarding crime, corruption, and the syndicates.
"I don't know just when Clayton learned about all this discussion. Perhaps a week ago last Sunday, when he saw Bruce over in the City and refused to give Guido a job. Clayton admits Bruce got mad; perhaps he said things then. Clayton smoothed his feathers and agreed to interview Guido next day. Maybe Clayton was already spinning a plan.
"Or it may have been amicable. Bruce had no reason to suspect Clayton of anything. We'd have known it otherwise; Bruce was constitutionally incapable of keeping a secret. Maybe in the love feast following his explosion, he blurted out how he had triumphantly refuted Uncle Luigi's sneers at the Horatio Alger rise of Gerald Clayton, and planned to send Uncle Luigi all the facts and demand an apology. At the same time, Bruce could have spoken about the syndicates. He was just na?ve enough to have warned Clayton, who spent half his time overseas, to look out for the mobs! Well, one way or another, Clayton drew him out, doubtless in that conference they had after Guido was dismissed. Clayton was alerted."
It was peculiar, thought Kintyre, that he could talk so coolly while the horror was on him. But he had the horror locked away for this short time, he heard it speaking but did not really feel it.
"He could have pumped both brothers on Monday," nodded Yamamura. "Bruce in particular, but he would have seen how Guido might be made into a decoy！uh-huh. So he called a Chicago mob. But！"
"But why? Isn't it obvious, Trig? Bruce and Luigi were corresponding on two subjects which would explode if they were ever fitted together: Clayton and the Old World rackets. When Bruce revealed that Clayton had not, after all, started by depositing American dollars in Swiss banks, Luigi would begin to wonder. Bruce had even casually agreed that Clayton might have picked up a little loose change originally on the black bourse, which did not strike him as very heinous. Luigi might see deeper possibilities along those lines. Or things Luigi wrote could even make Bruce wonder, who knows? It wouldn't necessarily happen either way, but it was too big a risk to take. The American government itself, if it gets interested, has ways to check on its citizens abroad. So Bruce had to be eliminated. And he had to be questioned first, in detail, to learn precisely what he did know and who else knew. For instance, was Luigi already so well informed as to be dangerous? This was a job for professionals."
"And there's where your theory creaks," said Yamamura. "If Clayton is so law-abiding on American soil, where could he dig up his butcher boys on such short notice?"
"That hint was in Bruce's files," said Kintyre. "Your information about Clayton's telephoning adds detail. He must have called one of his not-very-respectable Italian associates. I seem to remember the name Dolce, you can try that on the switchboard girl for recognitionor. Does the phone office keep records of such things? I don't know. Let's assume he called Dolce, to give the man a name. He ordered him: 'Get hold of a recent deportee from America'！you can guess who better than I, Trig！'and ask him how I can get in touch with a professional killer in this country.' He may have phrased it more euphemistically, but that was the sense of it. Next day Dolce or whoever called back. (Why else should a busy man like Clayton hang around home? Why not take the call in his office? Because his office deals directly with Italy, the switchboard girl there probably speaks the language and might eavesdrop.) Thus Clayton got the number of Silenio, and any passwords or the like that were needed. He went out to a pay booth and called him. O'Hearn has told us the rest."
Yamamura nodded. "Could be," he said.
"Tell me what else will explain the facts. And let me continue. Clayton came over here last Thursday on business, and threw a party in his suite for historians and literary scholars, including Bruce and me. I rather imagine he was looking for another red herring. Owens must have been promising. Not that Owens seems to have been jockeyed into anything, as Guido was, but Clayton dropped hints detrimental to him later on.
"Clayton made sure of being alibied the whole weekend. Of course, it was simple enough to make the call which lured Bruce to his death. He could have phoned from a pay booth right in sight of the world. I don't know what he told Bruce, probably that he might have something for Guido after all but it was confidential. Make your own lie.
"Monday he returned to the City. Silenio reported to him, got paid off, and was told to wait. Clayton had a problem: Bruce's files were still in Margery's apartment. Silenio would have learned that. Clayton had to choke off this last source of information. He came back here Tuesday and invited me to lunch with him. I gave him some idea of how well his tracks really were covered！and when I told him Margery's place had already been raided, it was a shock. He questioned me, found that the papers he was after were still unread, and deftly turned suspicion back on Owens: where for once it actually belonged. However, he must have felt the need to act fast. So he stayed in Berkeley, though he'd told me at lunch he planned to go back to San Francisco. (Will any hypothesis of yours explain why he changed his mind and spent more than twenty-four unproductive hours on this side? He, the animated cash register?) I met him again on Wednesday, when we had our run-in with Owens."
Kintyre sighed. "That's the damnable part of it. I sat there drinking coffee with the true, ultimate murderer. He urged me to take Margery out. I told him I had another engagement. If I had gone out with her, she'd be alive. God, if she'd dated him she might be! He was going to ask her. She told me, when I mentioned it, that she would refuse his invitation. He wanted to get her out of the way. But when she stayed！
"I helped her read those letters!"
"Slow down there," said Yamamura.
It was still later when the detective went back outdoors. An officer was watching Guido, who was laying out a solitaire hand on the stoop. The policeman said: "Inspector Harries would like to get a formal statement from you at headquarters, sir."
Yamamura nodded. Guido raised his brows and slanted his head at the cottage. "Could be worse," said Yamamura. "Suppose you leave him alone for an hour or so and then go in and make him some lunch."
"Sure," said Guido.
The policeman followed Yamamura out the drive. At the station, he was shown directly into Harries' office. The inspector was just laying down the phone. "San Francisco," he said. "They raided that address. Traces of occupancy, but nobody home."
"Any other news?" Yamamura sat down and folded his long legs.
"They let the Michaelises go. Gene broke down when they did！reaction, I guess！and admitted where he'd been Saturday night and Sunday. Shacked up."
"I wouldn't think he'd try to hide that. He'd have bragged."
"This time he had two metal legs and he paid. Not much, he hasn't got much, but he paid, for the first time in his life."
"Poor bastard. I can imagine how he feels."
"Well," said Harries, "what does Kintyre think?"
Yamamura told him.
Harries whistled. "That wouldn't even get past a grand jury," he said.
"It's a line worth further investigation, though," said Yamamura mildly. "I wonder where Clayton is right now?"
Harries snatched up the phone. Yamamura waited.
The inspector hung up with a bang. "Not at the Fairhill. I'll try his place in the City, and the office. Know the numbers?"
Presently: "Not there, either. Well, it's no crime. But I'll put a man on it."
"About releasing information to the press," said Yamamura. "Could you withhold any mention of Kintyre? He's in no shape to see reporters, or even tell them to go away."
"Glad to," said Harries. "We're going to sit on the facts as much as possible. We'll get the papers to cooperate. Why let the killers know what we know? They can guess we hold O'Hearn, but not that O'Hearn squealed."
"Good. Now let me make that statement so I can get back to my own office. Maybe a client has shown up, for a change."
None had. Yamamura polished his new sword. A thought nagged the back of his being. If Clayton was guilty, why should Clayton disappear? Harries was right, Kintyre's reasoning was skeletal. Without further evidence, it wouldn't be enough to arrest a dog for flea scratching. Clayton would do best to sit tight and be wronged righteousness.
But did he know that? O'Hearn had been sent after Guido merely because Larkin had gotten in a fight at the Alley Cat. If Larkin had not remembered the name "Kintyre" and reported it through Silenio, Clayton could still have made a shrewd guess at it. Yamamura picked up his own phone and dialed.
"Hi, Bob. How goes it?"
"I'm breathing," said Kintyre listlessly.
"Nobody at the murder house. Clayton has dropped from sight, too. You and Guido could be the next targets. Want a police guard?"
"No. He wouldn't be stupid enough to try for us just now," said Kintyre, without great interest. "Especially when he doesn't know how much I know. He would establish that first！yes, that would need his personal attention. Let's reconstruct it."
He voiced his thoughts as they ran, in flat metallic words. "Larkin and Silenio got back from their！their mission！and didn't find O'Hearn at the house. They waited till they got alarmed, then bolted and called Clayton in Berkeley. That would have been in the small hours, before sunrise. Clayton could have called the old Lombardis, pretending to be an anxious friend, and found Guido had not come home. The same pretense might have worked with the San Francisco police！nope, they had no word of any Guido Lombardi！no O'Hearn. He would also have drawn a blank in Berkeley. So. Somebody picked them both up. In view of the Alley Cat episode, he would suspect me. I remember now my phone rang, early in the morning. I didn't answer. Was that him, trying to check if I was at home? If he drove by, he'd have seen my shades pulled. He had no way of knowing O'Hearn was right here. He would have concluded: either I had nothing to do with it, or I had taken O'Hearn somewhere for private investigation.
"If he rubbed me out and I was innocent of meddling, well, too bad. He dared not assume anything except that Guido and I had O'Hearn！where? If he could track us down and dispose of us！of anyone who might finger him！yes, then later on he could bribe someone, a call girl perhaps, to give him a perjured alibi for the time involved, if any alibi was ever needed. Then nothing could ever be proved about his misdeeds on this side of the water. Of course, the Italian police and American foreign agents might be clued to his overseas work！but at worst he could stay home, or retire to some South American country that won't extradite him. But all this, avoiding arrest long enough to regain his balance, it all hinges on finding me！"
Kintyre's voice trailed off. Yamamura heard the receiver crash down.
Somewhat later his phone rang again. Kintyre said like a machine: "Trig, you can get the official ear quicker than I. Last night Corinna said she'd wait home till I called. I just did. There's no answer."
Chapter 19
 The Phone buzzed. Kintyre snatched it up. "Well?" he cried.
"Trig. Headquarters has just gotten word from San Francisco. Miss Lombardi isn't home. They checked inside with the superintendent's passkey. No trace of a ruckus. Couldn't she simply have gone out?"
"Look," said Kintyre. His vocal chords felt stiff. "This concerned her own family, herself！and O'Hearn, whom she had been forced to slug. I'd promised to call with the latest news. Would you have stepped out, even for a minute?"
"No. Of course, they queried her neighbors, parents, employer, and so forth. At last reports they were still getting nulls."
"Another thing," said Kintyre. "Clayton knew she saw me last night. I mentioned it to him yesterday afternoon!"
It whistled in his receiver. Then: "So you think he picked her up in the hope of finding out exactly where you are and what you know. Isn't that taking quite a risk?"
"For him, it's a greater risk to remain passive," said Kintyre. "Didn't we agree that if necessary he can probably buy a witness to account for a day or so absence? Though if Bruce, Guido, C-c-corinna, and I！Margery！if we've simply been found murdered, he might not even need that. There'll be no evidence to convict him."
"But why should he gamble his own precious hide? Let Silenio and Larkin do this job too."
"No. For one thing, Corinna might have been under protection already！God, if we'd had the brains to request it!"
"Mm, yes, I see. A gangster could ring her doorbell and pull a gun when she opened, and be nabbed the next minute if the police did have a stakeout. Clayton is a friend of her family; she'd invite him in and he could extract the gun in privacy after conversation had established it was safe to do so."
"That's it. Clayton doesn't know what we know. All he's sure of is that somebody has O'Hearn. He's got to find out who."
"Does it matter so much? O'Hearn doesn't know Clayton."
"But he knows Silenio, who does. Now suppose the police do have O'Hearn. They won't get the facts from him in a hurry, so there'll be time to dispose of those of us who Corinna tells Clayton know more than he likes. However, eventually the police will learn a few things, and in Chicago they'll be prepared to arrest Silenio and Larkin for questioning. So he'll have to give Silenio and Larkin a prolonged vacation somewhere, till the whole affair has blown over.
"On the other hand, if I am keeping O'Hearn, I can be expected to get rough. Therefore Clayton and his friends will have to act in an awful hurry. But if they succeed, all will be well for them: because I and any associates of mine will have been eliminated, in the course of rescuing O'Hearn, and no clues at all will be left for the police."
"Games theory," murmured the telephone. "You plan your strategy on the basis of the strategy your opponent would plan on the basis of the information you believe him to have. But this game is for keeps. What do you think we ought to do?"
"Throw out a dragnet, of course," said Kintyre. "As for the news angle, the knowledge we admit having！"
"That's an obvious one. The police can handle it. Though frankly, events will probably move so fast that our news releases won't influence them one way or another. Sorry, Bob, it had to be said.
"One more item. Now that their house is unsafe, have you any idea where they'll go?"
Kintyre groaned. "That's the one thing I can't even guess."
"You've done pretty well so far," said the gentle tone. "Need any help?"
"Yes," said Kintyre. "Get out there and find her."
"I'll do what I can," said Trygve Yamamura.
Kintyre hung up. Guido sat knotted about a kitchen chair. "Well?" he asked raggedly.
"You were listening," said Kintyre. "They've got her. Give me a cigarette."
"My sister," mumbled Guido.
Kintyre barked an obscenity. "Hell of a brother she's got," he said.
He lit up and stalked the kitchen floor. The clock said after eleven. Corinna had been taken！when? Three-plus hours ago, at a guess. But they would have had to find a place to question her. That would give a little time. They could conceivably be en route this minute.
"We're being a pair of prize schtunks," said Guido.
"Hm?" Kintyre threw him a look.
"Sitting here calling each other hard names. I mean, we ought to be out searching for her."
"Where?"
"Any place!" Guido's face was drawn taut; there was a tic over his right eye. "Every address we eliminate is something."
"How many houses in the Bay Area?" Kintyre flopped onto a chair. Through the doors he had locked in himself, the horror hooted.
"Well, for Chrissake, man," said Guido, "I don't mean to search the bishop's! We can think of some possible places, can't we?"
"I don't know."
"Ah, spit. We're doing nobody any good. Let's go for a ride. It might clear our brains some."
"The great American solution. Let's go for a ride."
Guido regarded Kintyre for a moment or so.
"Does it help you to feel superior, cat?" he asked quietly.
Kintyre's head jerked up. After a few seconds:
"Okay. I'll just phone in to let the police know we're going."
They left the cottage and Guido took the wheel of Kintyre's old black sedan. "Any special route, Doc?" he inquired.
"Oh, I don't know. The coast highway, southbound."
"State One? It's a bastardly slow drive beyond the freeway."
"What have we to hurry for?"
Guido slid the car into smooth motion. One-handed, he lit a fresh cigarette. "My solitary trick," he said wryly.
"You sing pretty well," said Kintyre.
"Not as well as I might. That takes work, and I'm not that interested."
"What are you interested in?" Kintyre responded mechanically.
"Right now, getting her back unhurt," said Guido. "Think there's a chance?"
"I thought we were going to clear our brains," rapped Kintyre.
They remained silent past the tollgate. Once they were on the bridge, with the quicksilver sheet of the Bay under them and San Francisco thinly misted ahead, Guido nagged:
"Where could they go? It'd have to be some place nobody would hear them, no cops would come around to. Pretty short notice to rent a house again. I mean, especially when an alarm might go out with their descriptions. Of course, they could just bust into a house offered to let."
"The police will be checking that."
"Uh-huh. Only Doc, wouldn't they expect it and try to outsmart the police? Dig me? Let's turn off at the ramp. I'm a waterfront kid, I know some old places where you could get in and！"
"Would they know about it?" snorted Kintyre.
"I suppose not." Crestfallen, Guido held the car in the middle lane. When they got onto the southbound freeway, he opened up.
Kintyre, a conservative driver, had never pressed his car to the limit. Now he saw the needle hover at ninety; wind snapped by the doors. "You want a ticket?" he asked.
"I don't much care," said Guido roughly. "Man, I got to do something, don't I? If I can't help her, I got to do something."
The minutes passed. No patrol car sirened at them. There was not, indeed, much traffic at this time of a Thursday. As they fled south, onto the old two-lane highway, the sky grew overcast.
"Nuts," said Guido. "There'll be fog along the coast. We'll have to crawl. Let's turn back."
"No," said Kintyre. "Keep going."
Guido stole an indignant look at him. "Wait a second," he began.
"Keep going, I said!" Kintyre roared it.
Guido started. Then, shrugging, he gave his attention back to the road. "Is it that important?" he asked.
Kintyre didn't answer because he didn't know. He sat hunched into passivity, not caring how fast they went or if they crashed. It shouldn't matter to him where he was taken. But it did. He couldn't tell why！damn that fouled subconscious of mine, anyway! But it was like a hand upon him.
Perhaps it was only that he had to get back for a while to the great shouting decency of the ocean.
"You're a funny one, Doc," said Guido after a long time.
"Aren't we all?"
"You're crazy, even for a human being. I mean, you're the cat who's had the adventurous life, got the culture, made the big success！oh, yes, you don't get paid much, but you know damn well how far you've succeeded and how much further you can go！you're everything Bruce wanted to be. Hell, you're everything I wish I wanted to be. And you can't wait to die!"
Kintyre said, jarred: "That isn't true. I'm just in a bad mood."
"So am I, Doc, so am I. Think I dare let myself imagine about Corinna? Think I enjoy realizing how poorly I've shown up in the last few days? But I keep going. What is it makes you fold up?"
Kintyre turned his face from the bluffs now humping up around him, toward Guido. There was a radiation of vitality from the other man; something had disfigured it, so that his days ran out in pettiness, but he would always be more alive than most.
"Why do you stay around here?" asked Kintyre slowly.
"Man, I like it."
"Can't you see it's poison for you? As long as you stay where you were a child, you'll always be one. If you could get away, you'd have a chance to grow up."
Guido reddened. "Thanks, Mother Superior."
"I'm not trying to insult you. I'm only thinking, your trouble could be caused by a situation. A place. Did you get overseas in the Army?"
"No, unless you count Alaska."
"And of course it wasn't your kind of life. All you'd think about would be going home. But suppose you went somewhere else, someplace congenial！and stayed. I wonder if you mightn't feel like buckling down. You could still make a name for yourself, or at least a fair living, as an entertainer. If you'd try."
"Go where?"
"Well, Trig Yamamura has connections in Honolulu. Or via people I know, we could probably finagle a start in New York, if you'd rather. The main point would be, stay away from here! For a few years anyhow, till you got your feet well planted."
Guido said in a low voice: "I've thought the same from time to time. But Bruce was the only one who ever got behind me and pushed, and he didn't have any such contacts."
He smiled. "Could be, Doc, that blue funk of yours is also situational. If I need to get away, maybe you need to settle down. Dig? Pipe, slippers, a wife and a lot of runny-nosed kids to worry about, instead of whatever dead thing it was that happened years ago."
"Let's quit the personal remarks," said Kintyre.
They drove on. The sea came into view, tumbling at the foot of steep yellowish cliffs. It was a cold, etched gray, under a gray sky. There was no clear horizon, sky and water ran together in mist. Guido had to slow down somewhat on the curves, but he managed a dangerous speed. Tires squealed and once he passed another car on a hill and avoided collision only by some inspired steering.
When they had left Berkeley more than an hour behind, he asked: "How far do you want to go, anyway?"
"Go on," said Kintyre.
"How come?"
Kintyre didn't answer.
At Half Moon Bay, the beach was empty and the clustered cabins forlorn; fog had closed in until you could not see past the breakers. It was clammy out there.
"Never liked the coast myself," said Guido. "She did！does, God damn it! She's queer for beach picnics. Likes to play volley ball and make sand castles."
Kintyre unclenched his fists.
"If we don't get her back," said Guido, almost matter-of-factly, "of course I can't leave home. The old lady won't have nobody left but me."
He crammed his foot on the gas. The car spurted ahead. The ground climbed again.
Presently they were on a deserted stretch. The land fell too abruptly to attract visitors: most places had no way down to the water. Sere brown hills lifted on the east side of the highway, trees huddled along them in clumps. The fog came streaming over the road.
"Now what?" said Guido. "It'll be socked in farther south."
"Continue," said Kintyre.
"Like hell!" Mutiny leaped on the dark snub face. "I've gone far enough. How d'you know they don't need us back in town?"
Kintyre felt his muscles congeal.
"What's the matter?" Guido stamped on the brakes. The car skidded to a halt.
Kintyre shuddered. The horror screamed, once, and drained from him. He knew remotely that it was not conquered！not yet！but his disintegrated self had coalesced for at least the time during which all of him would be needed.
He said, hearing his voice like another man's:
"Can you push this car back up to ninety going onward?"
"Huh?"
"I think I know where Corinna is."
Guido's hands slackened on the wheel. Suddenly they tensed again. The car growled from the shoulder and began to accumulate speed.
"I don't want to pile us up," said Guido, "but I guess I could average fifty. Where is she?"
"Do you know Point Perro?"
"I don't believe so."
"It's a little privately owned cove. Not far to go now. It's fenced off, posted, and there's nothing from the road to indicate it even has a beach. You couldn't find a lonelier spot in a day's driving."
Cloven air bawled past the windows. Guido squinted into thickening fog. He could only see a few yards ahead before the gray curtain fell; he had to imagine when the turns were coming up, and take them on two wheels. All at once Kintyre was terrified of an accident.
"I mentioned it to Clayton a couple of days ago," he said. The words came out one by one. "I seem to have forgotten that！down underneath, perhaps, I didn't want to admit to myself I'd given him any help！but I don't think it was coincidence I chose this route. Never mind. Clayton is an Easterner. His time out here has been spent entirely in the respectable sections of the Bay Area. Silenio and Larkin are complete strangers. How would they know where to take her, except some such randomly learned-about spot as this? At least, it's one chance for us. One chance!"
Guido said above the wind, the engine, and the wheels: "If you're right, Doc, it's even a good chance. An Easterner would drive a lot slower than me along this route, especially when they hit the fog. We might catch up to them."
"They've had hours," said Kintyre. "On the other hand, they had to meet each other too, and confer. They're not supermen, they would try to think of something, and argue about their plans, for a long time while they just drove aimlessly, surely not in this direction. We can hope."
"If they've done anything to her," said Guido, his face the mask of flayed Marsyas, "I myself will！"
"You'll let me off at Point Perro," said Kintyre. "Then burn up the motor getting to a phone. Don't waste time on any sheriff's office, call Berkeley headquarters direct. They can call the local authorities for you. It should actually be quicker that way."
"You, though," said Guido. "I can't leave you alone with them."
"Do you want to help Corinna, or do you want to get yourself sliced open for no purpose at all? You're a better driver, so you can get help sooner. I'll have a better chance of delaying matters down in the cove."
"I suppose so." Guido spoke it with difficulty.
"'One must therefore be a fox to recognize traps, and a lion to frighten wolves,'" recited Kintyre in Machiavelli's Italian. "'Those that wish to be only lions do not understand this.'"
Guido laughed shakily. "Modest fellow," he said.
Kintyre would have liked to clap his shoulder, but dared not. They were going seventy miles an hour on a winding road and it was becoming less visible each minute.
"Good for you," he said. "We'll salvage you yet." After another mile: "Or do you even need it any more?"
Chapter 20
 The fog had grown so dense that Kintyre knew his goal only by the car parked at the roadside. "Don't stop!" he cried, the moment it hove into view. "Brake easy. Let me out a hundred yards on." He began to open the door. "The nearest phone I remember is a gas station a few miles farther south. Don't raise your own posse and come back. They'd hear you and might shoot her first. Wait for the police. Good luck."
They rolled softly through a dripping gray swirl. Kintyre stepped from the car. Contact jarred in his feet. Almost, he fell, running alongside it in search of balance. Then the dark wet body slipped from him and was lost. He heard a muffled slam as Guido closed the door, the rising drone of speed, and now just his shoes thudding on pavement.
He stopped himself and jogged back. He was no track star, but he remembered to conserve his wind. The fog was moving with him, its eddies and streamers gave him the nightmare sense of a treadmill bound south. He could see the highway and something of the right-hand cliff that rose up and lost itself overhead. To his left there was nothing, world's edge and smoky endlessness. The air was chill.
Presently he regained the automobile. It was a new model, built for an impression of lowness and width; it sat and bared its teeth between blind headlights like some garish dinosaur defying the glaciers. Judas! Suppose this was only a harmless passer-by? But a signboard told him POINT PERRO, and who else would have come today? Kintyre tried the door. It wasn't locked. He eased it open to read the registration on the steering column.
Gerald R. Clayton. So. Kintyre felt his hands shaking. One more reassurance, before he went down the path. The dashboard thermometer showed the engine still warm. They hadn't been here long.
I do not wish for a God to help me, he thought. But I wish I had one to thank.
He filled his lungs and emptied them, filled and emptied them. Those were dank breaths, but they helped him ease up. He had three armed men to face; if he must also war with himself, it would be hopeless. Not that he felt any great conviction of winning. But！yes. He reached under the dash and yanked loose the ignition wires. After he was dead, that might delay their escape with Corinna.
He climbed the low barbed-wire fence. It guarded a jut of cliff maned with harsh yellow grass. You had to go to its very edge to see that there was a beach underneath. As he approached, he began to hear the surf. Incoming tide: breakers crashed among rocks, the water streamed down again with a roar, whirlpools gurgled in small grottoes. He did not think a human cry would be heard this far above.
When he came to the brink, he could just make out a sketch of jumbled crags and a laciness on the bull combers; then the rifted mist hid the sea from him again. There would be a highness to either side, the arms enclosing this inlet, but those were lost in the gray. He walked cautiously until he saw the path, a goat track plunging downward.
Its dirt was gritty under his feet. Despite himself, he loosed gravel showers now and again. After each he stopped, crouching and listening for voices. There were none: only the surf, snorting more loudly every time. The fog was his friend, could he have approached without it? Yes, he'd have found a way somehow, swum around a headland if he must, but the fog helped him. No proof of supernatural assistance, of course; this was a notoriously wet stretch of coast; however, he was advantaged thereby.
At the cliff's foot he stood among half-seen boulders and considered where his enemy might be. Not more than a hundred yards from him, but he had perhaps fifty feet of unclear vision. This pea soup was thickening by the minute. If the others arrived, say, twenty minutes ago, they would have been granted better visibility, could have selected a spot. Kintyre stretched his memory. The cliffs made a semicircular wall, with driftwood and great stones at its foot; the diameter was a narrow strip of sand, paralleled by a line of rocks. These latter were below high-water mark and would be drenched already. Kintyre could just glimpse the sleet-colored ocean breasting them. Okay. So his quarry was under the cliff. Was there some way to lure one of them out?
An idea came. It was hazardous, but no more so than blundering blind. And he was not afraid of what might happen to him. In a certain way, he had been given another chance to rescue Morna; he could not but take it.
Crouching in the rocks, he started to cough, as much like a sea lion's bark as he could manage. It was a bad imitation, but he dealt with pavement people. The noise went deep, wet, and ringing among the breakers.
"What's that?"
From the right! Kintyre fell on his stomach and began to eel his way over the rocks.
"A gahdam seal yet." Larkin's youthful whine. "Holy Moses, what a spot!"
"Better go see." It was an unfamiliar bass. Silenio.
"Ah, nuts, you go."
"You heard me, Terry," said Silenio.
"The girl knows this coast," said Clayton. Kintyre flowed over a bleached white tree trunk. It snagged his shirt, he had to stop and fumble for his liberty. And the fog talked and talked.
"It's just a seal, isn't it, Miss Lombardi?"
No answer.
"Silenio," said Clayton.
A tearing gasp: "Let go, you'll break my arm, let go!"
"I'm sorry to have to do this, Miss Lombardi," said Clayton. "But now that we've gotten settled here, such things will happen pretty continuously. Unless you cooperate. So to start with！that was a seal we heard barking, wasn't it?"
"Yes. Oh!"
"Go look, Terry," said Silenio.
Kintyre put his ear to the stones. He heard them rattle. If he could intercept Larkin, get him from behind without any noise....
He tried to judge whence the footsteps came. There were no more voices, no sound at all except Larkin and the sea. Kintyre followed, bent nearly double.
When he saw the vague shape, he changed course to intercept. Larkin was little more than a trench coat and a hat, fog-blurred. He was making no attempt to be silent, he slipped and stumbled, but his progress was quick. Kintyre decided he was going to get away, rose and sprinted the last few yards.
Larkin heard the hunter. He turned. "What！" Kintyre hit him. They went down together. Kintyre tried to get an arm around Larkin's throat. He didn't quite manage it. Larkin screamed.
That was a lost cause already. Kintyre wriggled free of threshing arms and legs, rolled away and bounded to his feet. Larkin was crawling to hands and knees. His face was a white blob with holes for eyes and mouth. He continued to scream.
Kintyre fled toward the sand. He heard Silenio curse. "What is it? What's going on out there?"
"It's a raid!" bawled Larkin. He reeled erect, the switchblade in one hand.
"Get back here!" said Silenio.
Kintyre whirled and threw himself prone. The sand was hard against his stomach. He could make out Larkin at the very edge of visibility, head weaving around. "Where did he go?" Larkin was crying. "Where is he?"
"Get back, I said, back here before I start shooting!" yelled Silenio.
Larkin groped a way toward the bodiless voice. Kintyre went on hands and feet this time, a quadruped rush. Larkin heard something and looked behind him. Kintyre went flat, simultaneously. Larkin faced back toward the cliff and resumed. Kintyre came after him again.
Three feet away, Kintyre stood up and leaped.
Larkin could not miss that. He spun on one heel, his knife already slicing. Kintyre moved in, presenting his left side, staying just out of reach. Larkin stepped forward. He was wary on the uncertain footing, too wary to be thrown hard. Kintyre feinted a blow with his left hand. Larkin slipped aside to avoid it. That took some of the rattlesnake speed off his striking blade. Kintyre's right hand chopped down, edge on, as he bent at the waist. The steel went half an inch past his belly. His hand connected with the arm behind. In that awkward stance it was not a blow of the real bone-cracking force, but Larkin moaned and went down on one knee.
Kintyre kicked at his neck. Larkin lowered his head and took the impact on the skull. This boy was good! It threw him onto his back, though. Kintyre circled for an opening. Larkin sat up, poised the knife in one hand, and threw it.
Kintyre felt a dull blow in his left biceps. He stared down. The knife stood in the muscle, blood was a red shout against skin and cloth. Larkin scrambled to his feet and pelted in the direction of Silenio's cries.
Kintyre knew little shock. Coolness at such moments was normal; he even had time to think that. The blood was simply oozing around the steel, no important vessel had been cut. He went after Larkin.
The boy slipped on a wet rock. There were shadows ahead, Clayton's lair? Kintyre sprang for him. To hell with defensive judo. Larkin had just gotten up. He heard the feet which followed, turned around and lifted his hands. "Help!" he shrieked.
"I'm coming!" cried Silenio in the gray.
Larkin flung himself into a clinch. His arms wrapped around Kintyre's waist with astonishing strength. Automatically, Kintyre's right arm went up to jam into his larynx. But Larkin's chin was down, guarding the throat. His right hand let go and reached after the knife in Kintyre's flesh.
Kintyre pressed a thumb into the boy's jugular. Larkin choked and pulled himself free. The knife came with him, in his grasp; blood runneled from the metal. He stepped in to rip. Kintyre's right hand traveled up. The heel of it struck Larkin at the root of the nose.
Larkin gurgled and flopped backward. His face was no longer quite human: the blow had driven his nasal bone into the brain. So much for him.
Silenio burst from cold clouds. He was a squat balding man with a round blue-cheeked face. There was an automatic in his hand. He looked a fractional second upon Kintyre and the body. Then he fired.
Kintyre was already running. He didn't hear the bullets, or even the ricochets, only the flat smack! smack! smack! as the gun went off behind him. He crouched low, zigzagging a little. A pistol is not a very accurate weapon. When he felt sand under his feet again, he looked back. Nothing but fog. He heard Clayton and Silenio calling to each other.
He glanced down at his wounded arm. It bled merrily. He flexed the fingers, tested their resistance to pressure: good, nothing had been severed which a few stitches wouldn't heal. But until he got the stitches, if ever, he had an arm and a half at best.
And Clayton and Silenio were still holding Corinna. It wouldn't take them long to think of making a hostage of her.
Kintyre hurried to the base of the cliff and went along it as quietly as he could. A weapon, how about throwing stones, no, they all seemed too large or too small. Bare hands were limited by the reach of an arm. Passing a log, he stopped to feel after clubs. He found a broken-off branch, four feet long and not very crooked. It had a narrow end, almost a point. Salt water and weather had turned it bone-white, iron-hard.
Kintyre followed the cliff. When he heard them talking again, he went with his back flat against it. Total silence would be his one chance, when he got into seeing range; they mightn't look his way.
They sat behind a log, a yard or two from the precipice. Clayton was huddled into a topcoat, hands in pockets, squatting wretchedly on a flat boulder. Silenio stood up, sentrylike, the gun in his hand.
Corinna sat facing Clayton. Her arms were free; a rope lashed her ankles. The long hair was heavy with dampness. She didn't seem to have been injured yet, except for that one short episode！
"It could only have been Kintyre," Clayton was saying. "And alone. Otherwise this beach would be solid with police."
"He may have the whole force on its way here," grumbled Silenio.
"That's possible. I think we had better get going. But remember, it's a single man. If you can nail him, we're safe."
Clayton stooped and began to untie Corinna. "I'm sorry about this," he said.
"Like hell you are!" she spat. Even now, Kintyre must grin at her rage, it was so much Corinna.
"As you like," shrugged Clayton.
"Why are you doing this?" she asked, almost with wonder.
Sudden pain sharpened Clayton's voice: "I've got three children. They'd be dragged down with me. The mud would stick to them all their lives. No!"
Kintyre glided forward. Corinna spied him over Clayton's shoulder. Through the watery air he saw her lips part. She cocked her head and looked out at sea. "What was that?" she exclaimed.
Clayton and Silenio turned wholly from Kintyre. He made the last few yards in a rush.
Silenio whipped around. Kintyre was almost upon him. He raised the gun. Kintyre thrust with his stick. It was ill-balanced, but he had fenced for many years. He got Silenio's hand and knocked it around. The gun went off with a crack; stone and lead spurted. Kintyre jabbed Silenio in the stomach. Silenio fell to his knees. He still had the gun. Kintyre snapped the point of his stick to the back of his enemy's hand and bore down. Bones parted; the stick went through, into the sand.
Silenio howled and tried to pull it loose. From the edge of his eye, Kintyre glimpsed Clayton's bulky frame launched at him. He let go the stick and caught an extended arm. He heaved Clayton over his shoulder and onto the rocks.
Silenio freed himself and scrabbled for the automatic. Kintyre put his foot on it. Silenio rose and threw himself at his opponent. The weight struck Kintyre's left biceps. Agony went like lightning. He staggered back, holding the arm.
The man from Chicago laughed. He picked up the gun, awkwardly left-handed, and fired.
And missed. Kintyre recovered himself, moving in again. Another shot went off nearly in his face. Another miss. There wouldn't be a third, he knew. He snatched up the stick. Silenio backed off, grinning with hatred. He steadied his left hand with the wounded right and took careful aim.
Kintyre lunged. It was a swordsman's movement, more leap than stride, with all his mass behind it. He took Silenio in the throat.
Silenio dropped the gun, clawed at the stick, and began to fold up. He tried to call out, but could only say blood. He sat down in a dazed way, plucked at his neck, and bled to death.
Kintyre had no time to notice it. He saw Clayton coming back. It did not seem possible Clayton could still move; the left side of his face was one giant bruise, the cheek flayed. Kintyre groped after the gun. Where was it?
Clayton advanced with a rush. He fell the last six feet. Raising his head and his arm, he showed metal in the hand. "Got it!" he said.
Kintyre pounced on him. They rolled over, kneeing and gouging. Clayton hammered a fist on Kintyre's hurt. The grasp on him loosened. Clayton writhed free, got up and ran. The fog whirled him from sight.
Kintyre pulled himself to hands and knees. Blood dripped from his wounds, bright little puddles formed on the ice-gray stones. His head tolled.
Hands fell gently upon him. He sat back, leaning into the circle of her arms. Her hair brushed his face. "You came," she said.
"Are you hurt?" he asked.
"No. There wasn't time. Oh, your poor arm!"
"Can you make some kind of bandage for it? My tee shirt will do."
"It isn't sterile. No, there are antibiotics these days, thank God for that." She pulled the garment over his head, sawed the seams across on an edged stone, and ripped it up. He noticed that her dress was gray. When she looked directly at him, her eyes and blonde hair were the only color in his world.
"Thank God for you," she added.
Her hands were deft, fashioning a compress and binding it in place. He kept his head toward the sea, listening. "What is it?" she asked.
"Clayton. Where did he go?"
"Wouldn't he try to escape?"
"If so, fine. I sabotaged his car. Or even if he gets it going, he'll never make it out of this state. But I'm afraid he realizes as much himself."
She knelt behind him, where he sat on the ground regaining his breath, and laid a hand in his hair. She asked steadily: "What will he do?"
"In his place," said Kintyre, "I'd come back and kill us. He should have done that when he broke free of me, he had the gun. But of course he was half stunned. Now that he's had a little time to think the situation over！yes. If he got rid of us, there'd be no witnesses to prove he hadn't also been kidnaped and was the single fortunate survivor. The kind of lawyers he can afford would have at least a chance to brazen out that yarn."
He stood up. "Fade back along the cliff, away from the path," he said. "Find yourself a sheltered spot and hunker down in it. If you need help, scream."
"You?" For the first time he heard fear. She stood up, and trembled.
"As I said, he has a gun and he will probably be stalking us, if he hasn't started yet," Kintyre answered. "I'd better forestall that."
She considered him with a somehow old look.
"All right," she said. "There is no other way. Christ guard you."
She reached up and kissed him, a brief light contact, and walked away.
Kintyre stood thinking of a certain letter. It had been written by Machiavelli from the farm at San Casciano, after he had gone there disgraced, tortured, and exiled, with all his work fallen, to dust. He wrote a friend:
"All my life I have behaved as I chose in love affairs. I let love do as it likes with me, I have followed it over hill and over vale, through fields, through woods, and after all I think I have done better than if I had avoided it."
You needed a certain courage to be happy.
Kintyre turned and went toward the path. It was a starting point for his search; Clayton's instinct would have been to bolt. He made no effort to be still. A snap shot in the fog wouldn't hit him, except by chance, and his racket would draw attention from Corinna.
Nevertheless, when the fire came, it was shocking. From the sea!
Kintyre whirled and padded toward the water. Clayton must have thought to circumvent him, wade out and around till he struck the cliff. Or perhaps he figured to hide among the rocks and！No matter. It was necessary to get him.
The tide was coming in heavily now. Kintyre saw how the sand gleamed, even in this sunless air, and then how it was whelmed in foam. Spray beat his face; he heard a hollow sucking roar among the stones. Where was Clayton?
Out in the surf, it tongued flame. He saw the beach furrowed beside him. So！crouched on a rock, approachable only through the water! Kintyre ran along the shore, trying to get out of visual range before a bullet smote him. The pursuing shots had a muffled sound.
He entered the water. It was savagely cold. It pulled at his ankles, sand shifted under the tidal drag. How deep was it where Clayton laired? Not over a man's height: Clayton was planning to get Corinna also, he'd have to come back ashore without wetting his gun too much. Not that a brief soak would disable a well-oiled automatic. But he would first lure Kintyre to him, if he could. A man struggling through chest-deep turbulence ought to make an easy target.
Kintyre strained eyes into the fog. He could just see the fortress rock as a shadow, fifteen feet high at the peak, forty feet long, Gibraltar-shaped. Breakers hurled against its seaward flank. This was a rapidly sloping bottom. The depth on Clayton's side was hardly over four feet, but it might be ten at the western end of the rock.
Kintyre waded straight out until a wave hit him in the face. He kicked off his shoes and swam.
His bad arm gave him saw-toothed pain and reddened the water. He used his right, a side stroke. The undertow grabbed him and yanked him outward. He wrestled to stay afloat. A comber went over him. Briefly he was in a remembered darkness.
He drank salt fear, threshed to the wave's top, and spun down into the trough behind it. A chill seething had him. It bawled in his ears. He knew himself empty of strength and hope.
The sea battered itself upon the earth, recoiled, laughed, and reared back to gallop in again. It was like the beating of a maul. A ship, a man, a girl could be crunched between wave and stone until ribs broke across. Kintyre strangled in a noisy wild night. He was spewed up again for a moment, scornfully. Spray sheeted in his face. The cold drained him, he could feel how warmth ran out. The sea rolled him over and toned in his skull.
Somehow you could swim, he thought. It was only to keep going. Though all the world were smashed on a reef, you could keep going. And there could be victory.
He saw the rock face shine before him. The waves pounded him against its roughness. Fog smoked in his eyes. He let the sea upbear him, and took its anger, while he fumbled about. His fingers closed on something, a handhold. His toes sought beneath the surface.
He pulled himself out.
For a little while he lay on the sloping stone back. The tide covered his feet. Life returned in some measure. He sighed and began to climb.
At the peak he looked over. Clayton sat on a small ledge, four sheer yards below him. The ruddy hair hung dark, there was blood matting one side of the long narrow head. Clayton's gun wove about in a seeking fashion, aimed toward shore and then down again. Once he jerked, making an odd little whimper like a lost child, and fired. The sound was flat, nearly lost among rumbling tides.
A twelve-foot jump could easily miss that tiny projection！and once fallen into the water below, Kintyre would be Clayton's. But so he would be if he tried to crawl down.
He made his estimates, poised, and sprang.
His feet struck Clayton between the shoulders. They went over together. It spouted where they hit. A wave swung in from the ocean and climbed the rock in one white burst.
Kintyre came up. He stood in four feet of water. Clayton was just arising. Somehow, incredibly, he still had the gun. It lifted, at point-blank range.
Kintyre's left arm found the power to chop down. The gun was knocked loose. The sea ate it. Kintyre laid his good hand upon Clayton. Enough.

The End
